merry christmas! 

merry christmas! 

187 new federal judges have been confirmed under the trump administration, including two great new united states su 







the only reason we were able to get our great usmca trade deal approved was because the do nothing democrats wanted 

....the american publics tone deafness - it should be intolerable, because the american people have had it with 

the trump administration, trump policies, have put our economy on a trajectory it has never been on before. griff jenkins, 

stocks kick off christmas week at all-time record highs. 

....mount some kind of public pressure to demand witnesses, but mcconnell has the votes and he can run this trial a 

everything were seeing from speaker pelosi and senator schumer suggests that theyre in real doubt about the evide 

over 400 people packed the meeting room, filled the lobby, and spilled into the parking lot in rural buckingham county, 

the real victims here are the american people and the constitution. the constitution has been damaged by this ploy 

what the democrats are doing is obstruction of the senate. its wrong constitutionally, its wrong morally, and it 

what\'s the best gift to give your liberal builds the wall" by watch to find out! 

stock market closes at all-time high! what a great time for the radical left, do nothing democrats to impeach your 

nasdaq up 72.2% since our great 2016 election victory! dow up 55.8%. the best is yet to come! 

its time for who claimed impeachment was a national imperative, to fish or cut bait. to sen 

if she refuses, senate republicans should take matters into our own hands. we are in charge of the senate not pelos 

this constitutional outrage by needs to end. is trying to run the senate and deny president 

if this continues into 2020, the senate needs to strike back, standing up for our righ 

stop playing games with the our system, you cant be the speaker of 

i agree 100%! 

this is a giant step forward great news for the port of charleston. im incredibly appreciative of president 

b" after the house vote, democrats are having buyer's remorse about impeachment and don't know what to do. know t" 

wouldnt it be reasonable to assume that republicans in the senate should handle the impeachment hoax in the exact 

per the time for discovery passed. senate now tries the case as they democrats and m 

policies are jobs created. manufacturing jobs at a 5 

this was a very good move by to end threat of tariffs on are a very important partner a friendly 

this isand has always beena case about media accountability. we are pleased with the courts decision, and we look f 

....what right does crazy nancy have to hold up this senate trial. none! she has a bad case and would rather not ha 

nancy pelosi, who has already lost the house speakership once, is about to lose it again, is doing everything s 

camarotta got destroyed by mr. kevin hassett when she tried to bash the presiden 

on the second anniversary of the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act, our economic predictions have been vindicated, write 

"tax reform has delivered for workers", write gary cohn and kevin hassett in the 

camarotta got destroyed by mr. kevin hassett when she tried to bash the president as her normal m.o. is.. he is awesome 

this is the scandal: dan bongino explains how john brennans office became ground zero in the russian collusion scandal 

pelosi gives us the most unfair trial in the history of the u.s. congress, and now she is crying for fairness in th 

its all but impossible to look at this chart and conclude anything other than that s tax cuts have une 

china will lower import tariffs on over 850 products from january 1 

u.s. president donald trump says a "breakthrough" has been achieved in trade talks with china and he expects a deal to be 

breaking: china says it will cut import tariffs for goods including frozen pork, pharmaceuticals, paper products and some hi 

the fbi broke into president trumps campaign, spied on him, then tried to cover it is a modern-day watergate. htt 

of the house judiciary committee joined me to discuss the endless barrage of nonsense from the democrats - 

the democrats and crooked hillary paid for provided a fake dossier, with phony information gotten from foreign so 

melania and i send our warmest wishes to jewish people in the united states, israel, and across the world as you co 

crazy nancy wants to dictate terms on the impeachment hoax to the republican majority senate, but striped away all 





live: president at the student action summit 



last night i was so proud to have signed the largest defense bill ever. the very vital space force was created. new 



the great democrat disgrace. but we are winning! 

in the advocacy culture of our new media, ex-government officials such as brennan, clapper and mccabe can be paid to appear 

plus, never did anything wrong. read the transcripts. a democrat hoax! 

broke all time stock market record again today. 135 times since my 2016 election win. thank you! 

nancy pelosi is looking for a quid pro quo with the senate. why arent we impeaching her? 

we are getting ms-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldnt be here, out of our country! 

thank you franklin! 





big thank you to mac thornberry for a great defense deal! mac has been a champion for our military an 

proud of tenacious oklahoma spirit that got the ndaa done. maybe the best yet because it takes care of 

my administration pushed to include a big expansion to veteran telehealth in the spending bill so that the brave me 

honored to finally put an end to the widows tax and ensure that our surviving military spouses receive their ful 

we will always provide for our veterans and their mental health. i pushed congress to provide $10 billion for vet m 

a total witch hunt! 

last year i signed legislation that gives our veterans choice, through private providers, and at urgent care facili 

its time to put house democrats on trial. 

to our incredible federal workforce: 

to the extraordinary men and women of the united states military: 

live: trump delivers remarks at the signing ceremony for the national defense authorization act for fy 2020. 

we are getting ms-13 gang members, and many other people that shouldnt be here, out of our country! 

thank you! 

nancy pelosi is looking for a quid pro quo with the senate. why arent we impeaching her? 

economy is great, big stock market uptick today. best ranking in 20 years admits cnn! 

just had a great call with the president of brazil, we discussed many subjects including trade. the 

....kevin is strong on securing the border, protecting our and loves our vets and military. kevin is a 

congressman kevin brady is an outstanding representative for our country and the great state of te 

....and has my full endorsement. this is a big win for our gop and a big win for south jersey. south jersey is trum 

the democrat partys witch hunt and crazy extreme policies are chasing common sense people out of the dem party. th 

congressman is a great supporter of the agenda! he fights for your rights and the border wa 

*its one day after hey siri, whos the president of the united of 

thank you to franklin graham for stating that his father, the late great billy graham, voted for me in the 2016 ele 

i guess the magazine, christianity today, is looking for elizabeth warren, bernie sanders, or those of the social 

had a very good talk with president xi of china concerning our giant trade deal. china has already started large sc 

i will be signing our 738 billion dollar defense spending bill today. it will include 12 weeks paid parental leave 

....have a radical left nonbeliever, who wants to take your religion your guns, than donald trump as your preside 

a far left magazine, or very progressive, as some would call it, which has been doing poorly and hasnt been invo 

such atrocious lies by the radical left, do nothing democrats. this is an assault on america, and an assault on the re 

trump is still your president and he will be your president for another 5 years. 



pierce brosnan praises trump: "what hes done for the economy is very good 

greatest president of my life time! 

set the date and time. give pelosi 24 hours to respond then proceed. g 

the senate can begin their trial phase at any time and call for presentation of article 

yesterday the democrats impeached our they passed a bill to raise your next year theyll tr 

dems called it an emergency. they had to rush the impeachment through after a sham impeachment process, they 

thank you bill. so true! 

house democrats perpetrating a fraud on america. 



coming up: ill be joining on alongside to discuss the democrats vindictive ef 

happening now 

whats been revealed is a country in better shape than its been in decades. working men and women in the country 

this is political malpractice. this is a horrible judgement call on the part of the speaker. you put your members 

democrat rep. jeff van drew tells president what made him leave his own party, quotes ronald didn 

b" in one of the more interesting oval office meetings we've seen, president trump announced the party switch of jeff van dre" 

"i believe that this is just a better fit for me, new jersey\'s jeff van drew said in the oval office thursday. this is who 

b" pres. trump lauds rep. jeff van drew during oval office meeting thursday after freshman lawmaker's switch to the republ" 

the reason the democrats dont want to submit the articles of impeachment to the senate is that they dont want cor 

the house democrats were unable to get even a single vote from the republicans on their impeachment hoax. the repub 

so after the democrats gave me no due process in the house, no lawyers, no witnesses, no nothing, they now want to 

the great usmca trade deal (mexico canada) has been sitting on nancy pelosis desk for 8 months, she doesnt even 

jesse (watters), this is the best year any president has ever had, plus we get an impeachment. the five 



pelosi feels her phony impeachment hoax is so pathetic she is afraid to present it to the senate, which can set a d 

thank you rena! 

thank you terrence! 

the left uses the u.s. constitution to destroy the u.s. democrats are the antithesis of what it means 

truth is always based on and participated in election interference for decades. started in chica 

yes it is. and anyone who thinks this was ok because they didnt want to win the election must accept th 

thank you anne! 

we will win big time in 2020! president trump has delivered for america! 

b" pelosi has assured the democrats pelosi's stomach-turning impeachment charade damages america : goodwin ht" 

our great congressman gohmert is a true patriot fighting back against people that must hate our country! 

thanks! 

b" attorney general william barr, defending his decision to order a review of the trump-russia probe's origins, told a sena" 

5 pgs of evidence. endless argument. almost alone noticed the most cogent, first-hand evidence. in the 7/25 c 

the barr-horowitz disagreement is a sham issue. barr isnt defending donald j. trump. hes protecting john q. public fr 

the lack of liberal outrage suggests joe biden or any other democratic president would let the fbis discredited behavior 

if house dems refuse to send articles of impeachment to the senate for trial it would be a breathtaking violation of t 

not allowing the senate to act on approved articles of impeachment becomes constitutional extortion and creates chaos 

what is driving this crazy idea? have finally realized they have a very weak case which never should have 

new: an updated version of the oig report shows that the fbi opened a counterintelligence investigation in oct. 2016 on an 

b" nancy pelosi isn't just hemorrhaging votes for her impeachment gambit, she's now facing wholesale defections from the democra" 

watch this. horowitz blows apart democratic talking points on fbi | supercuts! - youtube 

this april nyt report is interesting in retrospect: 

its stunning to watch comey, who signed the very first fisa application on carter page, act like he had nothing to do wi 

that interview on should forever change his public reputation. his lack of candor, past and presen 

with the house dems preparing a partisan vote to impeach the rcp average of the polls shows a drop in s 

fascinating compilation of how so many in media all took same false talking points and posture on explosive nunes memo tha 

my response to fisc court letter. republicans warned court 2x in 2018... 

a day after the foreign intelligence surveillance court slammed the fbi over the surveillance of a trump campaign affiliate, se 

b" ig horowitz tells sen. ron johnson he can't talk in open setting about what fbi files said about whether joseph mifsud was" 

horowitz says ig did not dig into why fbi new york field office opened counterintelligence investigation on carter page in 

horowitz: fbi should have considered shutting down investigation of carter page 

"process issues" exculpatory evidence, failing to disclose key details about carter page\'s background, hi 

sens. johnson, grassley and graham ask five former obama admin officials for records and interviews regarding burisma and 

doj ig admits there was potential bias motivating trump campaign 

democrats might want to take a look at the uk for insight on how voters react when one party is perceived to be overturning an 

dem hi rep gabbard on her present vote on impeachment: i could not in good conscience vote for impeachment because remov 

the waste of time in the house is now over. what a total waste of time. partisan ds never accepted the results of the 20 

they are impeaching him for being elected without their permission. 

so youre saying youve tried to impeach him four times now? interesting. 

and not just that gop held together completely but that they did it in the face of complete media bullying and pressure. m 

justin amash could have been the only republican to vote for impeachment, making it a bipartisan effort. instead, he left t 

what pelosi wants to avoid is the outcome of any trial in the senate: a bipartisan vote to acquit. 

b" media are deliberately lying about both reporting and the intel community inspector general's total admission yesterd" 

the impeachment vote has been recorded, but house democrats arent stopping there. have gone on record saying in 2020 they 

this is what the dems are dealing with. does anyone think this is good for the usa! 

i got impeached last night without one republican vote being cast with the do nothing dems on their continuation of 

the democrats impeached trump for crimes committed by joe i am impressed. 

impeachment is now, officially, meaningless. the president should hold his head high knowing that a group of liars, frauds, c 

1. nancy pelosi was apparently advised by leftwing harvard law professor lawrence tribe to delay sending the impeachment 

b" there's no better friend to our constitution and our freedom than and judicial work tirelessly to exp" 

if the impeachment is shit, the senate must acquit. 

17% of trump rally attendees in *michigan* are democrats. the democrat nominee is in big trouble. 

presidential harassment! 

the senate shall set the time and place of the trial. if the do nothing democrats decide, in their great wisdom, 

100% republican vote. thats what people are talking about. the republicans are united like never before! 

the president is not going to be removed from office period. the houses action is nothing more than a political sham on 

at 9:30am tomorrow morning, on the senate floor, i will speak about house democrats precedent-breaking impeachment of th 

from the day president trump was elected, democrats have wanted to impeach and remove him from office. todays vote was 

its time for the senate to end this partisan, impeachment sham once and for all. 

democrats have been obsessed with impeaching president since day one. tonight, they cast one of the most d 

democrats have been trying to impeach since the moment he took office, and they have made it clear they 

we have seen sham hearings, selected witnesses, and dems who have contorted the facts to fit a fictional narrative. shameful 

tonight house dems concluded their partisan show trial, voting to impeach a president for the 1st time in us history withou 

i will be a juror and will take this process seriously, but this impeachment is motivated by democrats hatred of donal 

is this a joke? democrats impeach the president without alleging a single crime, with a bipartisan coalition voting against, 

the house democrats just spent a month confirming that did nothing wrong and that this impeachment circu 

i voted no on both articles of impeachment. will still be president, and when we ring in the 2 

today will be remembered as the day your house democrat majority voted to impeach president for a crim 

the american people arent fooled by the democrats dirty tricks. will never forget that democrats have been 

democrats forgot two key things: facts and fairness. 

this has brought dishonor upon the pelosi said impeachment had to be compelling and 

the only bipaisan vote today was againstnot single republican some dems voted against this 

breaking democrats just signed their own pink slips by voting to undo the results of the 2016 election and impeach the d 

breaking trump is still your president. 

if there was ever a time to vote hell no, this was it. 



thank you! 

thank you michigan, i am on my way. see everybody soon! 

such atrocious lies by the radical left, do nothing democrats. this is an assault on america, and an assault on the republican pay!!!! 

....wont convict and remove the president - then the house should not be impeaching the president in the first pla 

in the end here, nothing happened. we dont approach anything like the egregious conduct that should be necessary b 

the evidence has to be overwhelming, and it is not. its not even close. ken starr, former independent counsel 



ig horowitz hearing exposes deliberate fbi misconduct in investigating trump campaign 

sen. hawley: 2016 collusion was between the dnc and the fbi 

b" dems 'weaponized' impeachment for politics 

heres why the justice department must investigate joe bidens quid pro quo 

the open ended criteria for impeachment proposed by the democratic experts are dangerous and place congress above the law. t 

the republicans should have challenged professor feldmans assertion that abuse of office" is a constitutional basis for i 

the democratic witnesses have wrongly said that congress cannot move forward because president trump has resisted congressio 



impeaching trump for obstructing congress would harm checks and 

two house articles of impeachment fail to meet constitutional standards. 

will go down in history as worst speaker. already thrown out once! 

comey: fisa abuse not as bad as my other screw ups 

media coverage of letter to pelosi is unhinged. really worth reading actual letter instead of mediate 

fortunately, over the history of the country, we have only rarely pulled the trigger on impeachment. and i hope the fact t 

thank you! 

i am asking my entire following to pray for you! you are doing the work of god! 

can you believe that i will be impeached today by the radical left, do nothing democrats, and i did nothing wrong! a t 

impeachment is a terrible idea for the country. the more people learn about impeachment, the less people want impeachment. 

this is all about convicting a president based on innuendo, not on the facts. even the ukrainian president said th 

thank you! 

fisa court issues strong rebuke ie, trashes fbi for warrant errors against not errors -they were inte 

b" nancy pelosi's do-nothing party simply can't compete with president record. 

good did comeys fbi do thats worse than using the salacious and unverified dossier to spy on the trump cam 

b" when you have a secret court, that issues secret warrants, it is inexcusable that [t]he fbi's submission to the court" 

thank you! 

adam schiff is a liar and a fraud. hes a disgrace to the us congress. the evidence is crystal clear and overwhelming. h 

swing voters reveal they are sticking with trump in 2020 

finally fisa court is heard from. they know fbi misled them in carter page case--so much that it calls other fisa warrants i 

breaking: fisa chief judge blasts fbi for submitting false info on carter page 

sean p is a much stronger candidate! 

its not even a trial... its a farce, based a hoax charge. 

sean is a great patriot and will do a fantastic job. has my total and complete endorsement! 

liberals embarrassingly upset about neil gorsuch saying merry christmas 

breaking: mcconnell shoots down schumer impeachment demands 

....out, and hes been amazing at it. the democrsts have no message, they have no hope for 2020. 

....had, while the democrats are just looking out for elections. this president should just continue to fight like 

....said, im going to clean up washington, im going to help people. he gave big tax cuts, hes made our militar 

its sad. heres a gentleman who came to the white house and all they had was never to let him have an easy breath 

they just wanted to get at the president. they had no intention of having a proper investigation. they couldnt fi 

can you believe that i will be impeached today by the radical left, do nothing democrats, and i did nothing wrong! 

my hope is that impeachment will never become this trivial again. well said brian! 

voters say the democrats are trying to take away their votes. pelosi was right the first time. imp 

....they want to impeach me (im not worried!), and yet they were all breaking the law in so many ways. how can the 

so, if comey the top people in the fbi were dirty cops and cheated on the fisa court, wouldnt all of these phony 

good marks and reviews on the letter i sent to pelosi today. she is the worst! no wonder with people like her and c 

democrat leadership, despite their denials, are putting tremendous pressure on their members to vote yes on this 

wow! in a stunning rebuke of the fbi, the fisa court severly chastised the fbi for the fisa abuses brought to ligh 



senator dan sullivan is doing a great job for the people of alaska while supporting our agenda. he fights har 

is a businessman first. he takes care of our vets and troops and is leading the fight to slash drug 

congressman riggleman is a true conservative leader who has done a great job for virginia and will suppo 

congressman is a big time supporter! markwayne has fought hard for oklahoma veterans and mil 

congresswoman kay has worked hard for texas and been a strong supporter of our agenda. shes 

we support in bolivia as she works to ensure a peaceful democratic transition through free elections. 

....chance, theyve had their kangaroo court, theyve had their circus for weeks and months. there just isnt anyth 

senator josh hawley (r-mo) they (the dems) dont have anything. this whole thing is a joke, and its time to get t 

would be sooo great if the fed would further lower interest rates and quantitative ease. the dollar is very strong 

the new usa today poll, just out, has me leading all of the democrat contenders. thats hard to believe since the f 

impeachment poll numbers are starting to drop like a rock now that people are understanding better what this whole 

trump wins major victories in china and usmca trade deals, defense spending and space force. thank you! 

the stock market hit another record high yesterday, number 133 in less than three years as your all time favorite p 

congressman jeff van drew is very popular in our great and very united republican party. it was a tribute to him th 





new stock market high! i will never get bored of telling you that and we will never get tired of winning! 

b" it's either incompetence or corruption by - nothing in-between as concluded by mr horowitz in his ig report - so" 

you know why president trump and had to look into u.s. corruption in ukraine? this happened while h 

dems impeachment for innocent conduct is intended to obstruct the below investigations of obama-era billi 

witness yuri lutsenko, inheritor of shokins proving amb yovanovitch perjured herself at least 

you can question a witnesses credibility but you cannot question hard documentary evidence, which each firsthand witness 

evidence revealed that corruption in 2016 was so extensive it was potuss duty to ask for us-ukraine investigation. 

the media lied in unison with schiff, comey and the rest. as they are doing with impeachment 



breaking: former director apparently was never actually working for the could have shot down the entire 

wow! 

the only thing that never leaked from our 17 gazillion intel agencies over the last 3 years 

where is comeys apology to those whose lives he screwed up, and the american people? comey admits error i 

hmm. not sure, when pelosi began this partisan show trial, that she envisioned it being so bad that it would drive house dems 

to guys are not being honest with the facts here..." used his office to 

wow. 

impeachment will be bipartisan ....bipartisan against it. hahahahaha democrats wasted all their polit 

these facts are not in dispute. the nunes memo and the horowitz report match up. the schiff report was false 

id be interested to know which misconduct was worse than spying on the opposing candidate and then president 

budapest | kiev | hundreds of hours months of research, i have garnered witnesses documents which revea 

trump was an angel in the as welcomed guests 2 one of their many 

raise your hand if you agree trump was right about james comey 

thank you devin. great reflexes! 

b" miss president trumps rally, wednesday, december 18, in battle creek, michigan! 

democrats running for office can not be investigated for corruption (nor their sounds li 

this is an impeachment with no crime and with no direct are and 

i find it amazing for chairman schiff to claim he didnt know of fisa abuse evidence. the whole nunes memo laid it out. 

republicans stand united behind president trump. they know he has kept his promises. 

fake news media will never apologize but they (and schiff) are exposed as the 

so great to see someone willing to put party politics aside and call balls and strikes when they see them. 

has seen the forest through the trees throughout this ridiculous impeachment sham. 

let us hope that fairness will prevail a laughable quote from this am....after the dems release an impeachment 

thank you cc! 

....to me, and there are many options, including doing them directly avoiding the nasty politics of this very bia 

....the problem is that the so-called commission on presidential debates is stacked with trump haters never trump 

i look very much forward to debating whoever the lucky person is who stumbles across the finish line in the little 

approval rating in republican party = 95%, a record! overall approval rating = 51%. think of where id be without the 

read the transcripts! the impeachment hoax is the greatest con job in the history of american politics! the fake ne 

is spot is one of the most successful weeks of the 

from day 1, schiff and nadler have ignored the truth in order to smear partisan impeachment sh 

alright, lets see some memes for social media! ya never know, one could end up on twitter, facebook, o 

b" master gunnery sergeant timothy p. mecca was awarded a purple heart at today's game and received 2 tickets to the super" 

the american people see through it. 

awesome seeing a great friend and the future governor of arkansas, sanders, at the white house this past wee 

....impeaching him. they hate the fact, above all, that this president is delivering. substantial policy results fo 

....energy independence, manufacturing resilience, illegal immigration coming down, the wall going up, china confro 

....of the most successful presidencies in history. just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade 

here in america it will be the same victory as brexit, but even more so. in the u.s., while all of this has been g 

poll: trump gets 7-point swing after impeachment inquiry, dominates with independents 

....of the most successful presidencies in history. just in the last few days, incredible jobs numbers, giant trade 

watch these two great people talk about the impeachment hoax. will be by far the best hour on television! 

congressional do nothing democrats are being absolutely decimated in their districts on the subject of the impeachm 

because nancys teeth were falling out of her mouth, and she didnt have time to think! 

b" democrats are right when they say today is a sad day. but not for the reason they sad because today is ano" 

fake news! 

b" this is really a sad day -- a big show america needs to hear from the witnesses; and, we didn't get to hear from th" 

ive never seen something like this using the congressional system to try to destroy people that have committed no 

who will be interviewed on tonight at 8:00 p.m., stated about the impeachme 

approval rating in republican party = 95%, a record! overall approval rating = 51%. think of where id be without t 

the always inaccurate, are heavily weighted toward dems. so ridiculous - same thing happened in 2016. 

the president did nothing wrong here. there is no crime. impeachment hoax! 

there is no bribery, or any crime at all, alleged in the articles of impeachment. this is a first in the history o 

so now comeys admitting he was wrong. wow, but hes only doing so because he got caught red handed. he was actuall 

a perfect phone call. can you do us (not me. us is referring to our country) a favor. then go on to talk about c 

as bad as the i.g. report is for the fbi and others, and it is really bad, remember that i.g. horowitz was appointe 

for an in-depth explanation of the abuses now detailed in the ig report (and so many other abuses), pick up my new bestsel 

far from it! 

thread illustrating well the denial and dishonesty on the left. some on the left are still claiming the fbi fisa goings on we 

let\'s hope upcoming interview w/ proceeds from reality that he was: fired for cause; found guilty of "insu 

and i should say it is only because of deep knowledge and analysis that we understand it all! 

this impeachment vote reminds me of when democrats went nuclear by lowering the threshold to confirm federal judges in 2 

crooked hillary caught again. she is a total train wreck! 

schiffs correcting the record memo has turned out to be totally wrong (based on the i.g. report)! a very big lie. 

wow, that would be big. always heard jeff is very smart! 

thank you for your honesty jeff. all of the democrats know you are right, but unlike you, they dont have the guts 

i will see navy at the white house to present the commander-in-chiefs trophy! 

incredible young, strong and brilliant people. army/navy! 

congratulations to tiger and the entire u.s. team on a great comeback and tremendous win. true champions! 

it was my great honor to attend the 120th army-navy game today in philadelphia, pennsylvania! 

both commiecast msnbc fake news cnn are watching their ratings tank. fredo on cnn is dying. dont know why 

hard to believe that will be interviewing sleazebag totally discredited former fbi director james comey, 

congratulations 

the last time i spoke to debbie dingell was her call thanking me for granting top memorial and funeral service hono 



chuck schumer sat for years during the obama administration and watched as china ripped off the united states. he 

on my way to the in philadelphia, pennsylvania! 





the characters of christmas is available on today! i hope you watch. thank you for your support, im so g 

the newly signed usmca is a sweet relief to farmers in rural districts like mine, writes 

enough! these democrats in trump districts said they were with they lied! - now now its time to hear 

....trampled on our constitution, and they have done irreparable harm to our republic. the american people are goin 

....absolutely no pressure. i dont know of any crime that was committed where the actual victim wasnt aware of it 

there are 31 house democrats in trump won congressional districts. those dems will have to answer to their constit 

independent voters are fed up and frustrated with the democrats. congressman michael waltz, florida 

the horowitz report reveals the democrats many distortions, writes the editorial board 

justice department ig michael horowitz compiled a factually damning report that even a thickheaded and biased press will ha 

christopher steele has little credibility left after the inspector generals report, writes 

after watching the disgraceful way that a wonderful man, was treated by the democrats, and now see 

25 million evangelical christians are not registered to vote. we are working hard to get them registered! 

the fbi declares in a court filing that it has absolutely no records of disciplinary action against any lawyers in 

democrats once said there should never be a totally partisan thats exactly what they are doing right n 

b" the democrat party can't accept the fact that in the u.s., we have what's called a 'peaceful transition of nev" 

horowitz confirms dossier was false, but the fbi misled the fisa court 17 times to get a warrant to spy on an american citi 

no president has accomplished more than president only want to remove him from office becau 

its not fair that im being impeached when ive done absolutely nothing wrong! the radical left, do nothing democr 

happy bihday! 

this whole process has been rigged from the start. 

.....the penalty tariffs set for december 15th will not be charged because of the fact that we made the deal. we wi 

we have agreed to a very large phase one deal with china. they have agreed to many structural changes and massive p 

disgraced in us, the fusion gps team tries to sell the product in britain. 

the wall street journal story on the china deal is completely wrong, especially their statement on tariffs. fake ne 

record stock market jobs! 

how do you get impeached when you have done nothing wrong (a perfect call), have created the best economy in the hi 

congratulations to on being named, by far, the number one rated cable news show. cnn and msnbc have 

all of our presidents would be impeached under this rogue house of democrat leadership. 

the republican party is more united now than at any time in its history - by far! 

the do nothing democrats have become the party of lies and deception! the republicans are the party of the american dream! 

poll numbers have gone through the roof in favor of no impeachment, especially with swing states and independents i 

my approval rating in the republican party is 95%, a record. thank you! 

the republicans house members were fantastic yesterday. it always helps to have a much better case, in fact the dem 

congratulations to boris johnson on his great win! britain and the united states will now be free to strike a massi 

last night house judiciary chairman jerry nadler admitted that democrats are pursuing impeachment because its too 

"we have a historic chance to pass paid family leave and child care reform, so that every american family has the freedom t 

the polling is looking really bad for impeachment-obsessed democrats, so theyre rushing an already unfair process and makin 

looking like a big win for boris in the u.k.! 

nancy pelosi just got duped in an interview to admitting that she has been working on impeaching me for two and a 

.....whats gone on the last three years is not reasonable. the majority has been so abusive. 

.....by congress, by the justice department fbi friends of the democrats, who hated the president when he was not 

this is so surreal. for three years, this president has been harassed. hes been electronically 

how many facts can one democrat get wrong in under two minutes of testimony? 

democrats continue to move the goalposts and stubbornly defy the standard they once set for themselves. 

no collusion. obstruction. pressure. pushing. quid pro quo. nothing! 

b" the democrats' legislative record pales in comparison to three-year record as commander in 

lets be clear: the only abuse of power is how dems are running this impeachment denying rights 

has consistently cooperated with this congress in fulfilling its oversight investigation responsibi 

the elected president sets the policy for the unelected the other way around. 

this president has done a remarkable job in spite of three years of constant harassment by the democrats in this body a 

democrats have built this fake-impeachment scheme around an alleged in that transcript d 

b" the president put america first by ensuring u.s. taxpayer dollars weren't funding ukrainian corruption. ukrainians didn't k" 

b" today's impeachment markup has confirmed our worst fears: have invented two articles of impeachment against" 

i guess we now know why nancy pelosi was focus-grouping bribery as a potential charge. because she was desperately sear 

the president took the unprecedented step of releasing a transcript so everyone could see the truth. another tra 

president trump is working to improve the lives of all americans. are solely focused on d 

i think its obvious to all the american public that this is a railroad job! 

"sensenbrenner: democrat impeachment weakest case in history" 

i was always under the impression that an impeachment requires an impeachable offense. 

b" 2 days ago, the day democrats introduced impeachment articles, president zelensky's top aide andriy yermak said the dem" 

democrats want every inference to go against why should the american public give them any inference o 

this is a day that will live in infamy for the judiciary committee this became a tool of the majority to use taxpay 

alexander hamilton said the greatest danger of impeachment would be depriving a president of due process and using impeac 

again makes up his own rules. denies rights to republicans. refuses to acknowledge longstanding 

this is what it comes down to. 

the democrats are playing pin the tail on your favorite impeachment theory because they dont have the evidence for any 

i also have constantly asked, why arent germany, france and other european countries helping ukraine more? they a 

dems veronica escobar and jackson lee purposely misquoted my call. i said i want you to do us (our country!) a favo 

getting very close to a big deal with china. they want it, and so do we! 

big!!! 

antifa will not be going after bryce or anytime soon. they much prefer people who cant fight back! 



bombshell lutsenko says yovanovitch perjured herself before congress. shows proof to 

yovanovitch perjured herself... watch full interview with lutsenko on signature 



yet another example of the double standard which pervades our media and infects and intimidates enforcement of our laws. 

despite the swamp media lying constantly, 51% of americans reject this attempted is at work every 

at a time when congress is undertaking perhaps its most sacred duty, democrats give republicans a measly 2 hours to revi 

b" schiff's 'obstruction' theory. if he were confident in his legal position, hed want to put the case to a judge. yet he s" 

i agree! 

adam schiff might be on very shaky ground in using a congressional subpoena to get phone logs -- and then releasing them t 

b" wow. nadler has his counsel sit a witness, then has him walk up to the dais and grill his fellow witness. yah, that's norm" 

looks like doj ig report is clear that republican fisa abuse memo from february 2018 was accurate and actually understated 

read it all here, folks: via 

steele was talking to everyone, obviously. 

great via 

graham asks horowitz if comey is vindicated by his findings. "the findings here dont vindicate anybody who touched 

media misrepresentation. says ig horowtiz report did find personal bias, despite reports otherwise by the nation 

we dont get to hear from nadlers rules, 4 hours of todays impeachment hearing will be staff 

the blue-collar, middle-class trump boom demolished expert predictions... again! 

dirty cops! 

amazing! 

the u.s. governments powerful tools designed and authorized for international intelligence gathering were deployed to moni 

very dishonest pols! 

read the transcripts! us is a reference to usa, not me! 

true! 

hardworking americans know this sham is simply the dems weaponizing impeachment to try undermine who has 

congratulations to judge lawrence vandyke on being confirmed to the ninth circuit. great job! 

since the election, women have gained +4 million jobs, 58.3% of all new jobs created! 

very sad! 

b" shows how partisan the democrats' lead investigator, mr. goldman, is a partisan is nothing" 

. goes off on daniel goldman: "we want schiff in that chair not you...the person that wrote the report is th 

must-read: "gaetz torches democrats impeachment lawyer after he says hes not partisan" 

the democrat attacks on the president fall into one of three categories: substantive policy 

ripped the house majority\'s impeachment counsel daniel goldman for donating "tens of thousands of dollars" t 

no one has done more to limit russias ability to engage in mischief than president 

it was bring your donors to work at democrat headquarters yesterday. 

b" there are a lot of moderate dems who recognize what a political loser impeachment encouraging their leadersh" 

"this is about one basic fact: the democrats have never accepted the will of the american people." 

this is the fastest, weakest, thinnest, most paisan impeachment in american presidential history. 

impeachment has become reflexive for dems. its what theyve wanted all is their passion, their drug, 

now with no crime, with no victim, house democrats impeach because they have no agenda for america... 

how dare dems accuse of abusing his power when they have released phone records of journalists and congressmen, co 

i will be there in two weeks, the southern white house! 

a testimony to the excellent usmca deal president robert lighthizer, and jared kushner neg 

what a great evening! 

when you open up an investigation into an opposing campaign, as the fbi, based on foreign rumors, that is a very thin pr 

today: u.s. negotiators join mexico and canada in signing usmca in mexico city making history and paving the way for massi 

they did it afternoon at 4:45, democrats said republicans must submit amendments to their ridiculous impeachme 

in addition to his pro-growth agendatax cuts, trade reform, and deregulationpresident is working hard to 

thank you! 

pennsylvania!!!! 

a fantastic night in pennsylvania! 

after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. in everything we do, we are putting ame 

thank you, for your and the entire administrations support of the 

great deal for usa! 



horowitz report reveals the steele dossier was always a joke rolling stone 

mystique of christopher steele has gone poof, along with the reputations of many pundits. fbi saw he was being paid to 

specifically, the fbi was a leakfest. andy mccabe lost his job part of his pension for lying about leaks. jim comey 

they were just upset that i demanded they pay their fair share for nato. their countries are delinquent. i raised $530 

zero evidence that any law was broken. theyre not even alleging that a law was broken. this is an abuse of the const 

so ridiculous. greta must work on her anger management problem, then go to a good old fashioned movie with a friend 

wow! all of our priorities have made it into the final ndaa: pay raise for our troops, rebuilding our military, paid p 

comey and others claim horowitz report vindicated today: the activities we found here dont vindicate an 

the news media in our country is fake and in many cases, totally corrupt! 

they will never do it! 

they spied on my campaign! 

want an inside look at impeachment? as former chairman mark meadows details the content, process, 

weve repeatedly requested a house hearing with inspector general horowitz on his fisa what we learned in hi 

great rally in pennsylvania last night. congressman lloyd smucker (pa-11) was there and i informed him that he has my 

decades ago, identified what was wrong with naftaand later ran for president on a promise to replace it. 

b" they're never going to stop! 

its rather shocking that democrats built their impeachment articles on mere hearsay, speculation, an 

no crime! 

this is the quickest, thinnest, weakest, most partisan impeachment in all of american presidential histo 

do we have abuse of power? yes, adam we have obstruction of congress? yes, house is a pol 

making a critical point more in the media should "17 fbi errors" the ig cites are not typos or l 

to satisfy their bases extreme hatred of president trump, house democrats have taken a blowtorch to house rules, the r 

democrats in congress - not - have committed the high crimes and misdemeanors of abuse and powe 

the american public can see the democrats are on a 3-year vendetta to get the president they couldnt beat, and theyre 

b" watch destroys the dems' impeachment comes down to never accepted the results of the" 

unfortunately, we were right. 

this is the most corrupt, rigged railroad job i have ever seen in my entire life. 

sen. ted cruz: a lawyer at the fbi creates fraudulent evidence, alters an email that is in turn used as the basis for a sw 

its great to have a wonderful subject, president trump. fake news like cnn msnbc are dying. if they treated me f 

new polls say most americans oppose impeachment. i did nothing wrong. this will be the first impe 

fighting for all americans, and animals too! 

the ig report makes one thing memo was spot on. was anything 

i will be on the at 10pmet!!! i have no doubt it will be quite the show tonight! 

the rally in hershey, pa was on last night. house, filled with proud patriots who love their co 

great rally in pennsylvania last night. congressman lloyd smucker (pa-11) was there and i informed him that he has 

live: president and at hanukkah reception 

they spied on my campaign! 

b" thanks to president leadership in establishing space as a warfighting domain, the united states will dom" 

they will never do it! 

president made a promise to the american people that our nation will maintain leadership in space and the agreemen 

the armed services committees reached an agreement on an ndaa that supports president historic efforts since day 

the news media in our country is fake and in many cases, totally corrupt! 

amazing! 

thank you to bipartisan members in congress for securing passage of this important legislation presidential priority! a 

pelosi said it herself: theyve been trying to impeach for 2.5 years. but there 

the exclusive poll, what orthodox jews really think about president trump 

wow! all of our priorities have made it into the final ndaa: pay raise for our troops, rebuilding our military, pai 

zero evidence that any law was broken. theyre not even alleging that a law was broken. this is an abuse of the co 

if the democrat controlled house does not immediately investigate the fbi abuse found in the ig report it is clear evidence t 

now we know the fbi is shockingly incompetent, reckless and dumb even when dealing with cases at the highest level of natio 

maybe its worth noting that the guy leading the impeachment charge right now against trump was- as a matter of established 

the absurd pretense that democrats in congress are impeaching trump because of the constitution and not their rage at tru 

lets all be very clear: what nadler implied today is, unless trump is impeached and removed from office, we should all exp 

its really innovative how adam schiff and jerry nadler plan to protect the sanctity of our elections by insisting the last 

b" horowitz fallout. ag bill barr to nbc: 'i think our nation was turned on its head for three years based on a completely bogu" 

quite an odd thing for democrats and media to pat themselves on the back for perpetrating a russia-collusion hoax for 3 yea 

b" can't get over how ig report showed the doj/fbi knew dossier was complete bunk by january 2017 and yet they kept suggestin" 

as reminds us, democrats forget the forget we have the call forget the two m 

watch: democrat counsel refuses to answer if hes communicated with the whistleblower 

should be able to question everything these officials have done, not just with regard to president t 

thread: you will probably see plenty of spin and headlines today claiming the fbi is exonerated in this report. that is 

after reading through the ig report i offer this advice - if youre even considering working for a gop political campaign in 

utter abuse of power 

the dems are trying to minimize the ig report, but the real story is that its very damaging. 

youre witnessing the democratic party self-destruct. 

in the dems crazytown, the president should be impeached foreign foreign aid was not us 

whats happening in the house has become an absolute circus. a show trial. a propaganda trial. when the senate takes up dem 

shifty schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to congress, and sai 

has been pushing do-nothing-dems to bring the usmca to a vote for a nancy to claim this is 

jason chaffetz: the damage james comey did to our country, the drama and expense is truly 

the bee mocking the dems: we have found trump guilty of absolutely nothing, but we already started this whole process a 

any democrat who votes for these flimsy articles of impeachment are voting to sacrifice the house ma 

thank you pennsylvania! with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going t 

this is a joke. in the real legal world, opposing parties would have at least 10 days (plus requests for extensions) for 

the real deal! 

they were just upset that i demanded they pay their fair share for nato. their countries are delinquent. i raised $ 

b" there's bipaisan opposition to contrary to the democrats' claims, there's no compelling reason to" 

want to see totalitarianism in america the silencing of political to see the true destruction of polit 

i just got out of a nearly 2 hour briefing on the ig is deeply disturbing. some former fbi and doj official 

the crossfire hurricane team failed to inform department officials of significant information that was available to the 

who ordered subpoenaed phone numbers be connected to members of congress and journalists? adam schiff or daniel goldman 

b" but also very true. to democrat impeachment lawyer: 'you have made joe mccarthy look like a piker'" 

two biggest ig takeaways so far: fbi played the fisa court. the information about what it presented and what it exc 

b" you won't see this in headlines, because it proves exactly what we've been used knowingly false and dubiou" 

predictably, some media allies of democrats spinning hard. this is what the investigation was about, pg found 

we thought they spied on two americans, we now know it was four. inspector generals report confirms what many of us 

b" rep. gaetz just took a blow torch to the character, integrity and testimony of daniel goldman. goldman's eyes tell you ever" 

woah. 

wow but not at all surprising. cant let the truth of how insane this whole thing is get to actual americans. the media 

five indisputable no evidence of wrongdoing by ukraine said there was no lethal aid to ukrai 

ig report confirms schiff memo media praised was riddled with lies 

b" mr. comey stole confidential fbi records and leaked them. and lied about it to investigators. 

with this disgusting impeachment charade, house democrats have proven themselves guilty of abuse of power and obstruction 

media research center files fec complaint against bloomberg news | the dan bongino show 

b" he's 100% right to think that. does anyone actually believe comey, strozk, etc etc acted in good faith towards 

so much appreciation for the 10s of thousands of great americans who show up rain or shine to support t 

such incredible love and support! 

overflow crowd outside of the giant center in hershey, pa on this cold and rainy night! 

never settles for the status quo, is no different. with the new trade deal, is keepi 

how run a kangaroo court: ignore the rules, refuse to recognize legitimate objections, stream roll the 

thanks to the leadership of president america is leading in space! 

while democrats were pushing impeachment, was delivering results for new 

president has arrived at the giant center in hershey, pennsylvania for a massive with great ame 

electric crowd here tonight in the keystone state! pennsylvania and american know that to we need four mo 

is thriving like never before and ladies and gentlemen of pennsylvania: the best is y 

polls in key swing states, michigan, pennsylvania wisconsin show crushing any all democratic presid 

as a private citizen, saw that americans were treated unfairly by ran for officeand wonon a p 



after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. in everything we do, we are putting 

day after day, we are exposing the depravity, dishonesty and sickness of the corrupt washington establishment and 

thank you pennsylvania! with your help, your devotion, and your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are goin 

very encouraged by todays breakthrough on the agreement is a big win for america, especially for our farmers 

b" promises made, promises kept! usmca is a big win will further boost america's you to 

ways and means republicans, and amb. lighthizer fought hard and delivered on their promise for an 

after a year of needless delay by democrat leadership, we are finally ready to deliver a win for america 

renegotiating nafta was a central campaign promise of pres trump and 2day he delivered a historic win for the american p 

statement from united states trade representative robert 

the announced agreement on is great news! i applaud for negotiating a strong agreement 

i congratulate president and leadership in reaching a deal on the the new trade deal 

(1/2) the now looks like it will finally come to the house floor for a vote next week. this agreement, as negotiated 

pleased to hear that administration house democrats have reached a deal on this is a major 

and house democrats have announced an agreement to move forward. my statement here 

more than a year after president trump negotiated the north america trade deal, its good to finally see the unnecessary p 

american workers have waited long enough, the time to pass the is now. from enabling our economy to continue to 

its time for the u.s. congress to pass usmca as soon as possible, without further delay, to unlock the benefits of th 

the usmca is a big win for pennsylvania and the people of my to and republican policies, 

b" huge win for president trump getting usmca over the finish line, but most importantly, it's a huge win for the american w" 

republicans advocated for for months while pushed the impeachment sham. no more delays. its time 

ive been working to pass since day one - now that has reached a deal w/ congress, we must pass 

republicans pushed for a deal on for months while pelosi wasted time on her impeachment finally have an 

the us-mexico-canada agreement is a win for the american worker and has been since the day president trump signed it over a 

just had a very good meeting with foreign minister sergey lavrov and representatives of russia. discussed many item 

on my way to hershey, pennsylvania for a rally. see everyone soon. i love hershey chocolate! 

just received a briefing on the horrific shootout that took place in jersey city, nj. our thoughts prayers are w/ 

read the transcripts! us is a reference to usa, not me! 

shifty schiff, a totally corrupt politician, made up a horrible and fraudulent statement, read it to congress, and 

witch hunt! 

nadler just said that i pressured ukraine to interfere in our 2020 election. ridiculous, and he knows that is not 

looking like very good democrat support for usmca. that would be great for our country! 

americas great usmca trade bill is looking good. it will be the best and most important trade deal ever made by th 

to impeach a president who has proven through results, including producing perhaps the strongest economy in our cou 

i cant remember anything quite like this (the i.g. report). 

i dont know what report current director of the fbi christopher wray was reading, but it sure wasnt the one given 

....in a very long time. the fbi has had some dark day in its past, but nothing like this. this was very serious mi 

you have to look at the 17 instances of misconduct cited in the report, they are very bad. the fisa court was clea 

congrats to and great move by to put a genuine journalist in that slot. worked w/ for 

a great choice. bill is a winner! 

new polling shows surging in pa, mi, and is absolutely illegitimate s 

where is adam lying about his contact with the whistleblower and call, hes nowhere to 

don\'t let the impeachment sham distract from the fact that the obama fbi was just faulted for numerous "omissions" and "inac 

president shares the incredible story behind the prayer and song, "god bless america." 

its obama and biden, comeys fbi used dem-funded smears to spy on campaign, then br 

you cant make this democrat counsel just flat-out refused to discuss how they conducted their partisan in 

"he did it pursuant to us who sets u.s. policy other than the president of the united refu 

president on the department of justice inspector general\'s report: "it\'s a disgrace what\'s happened with r 

now it is clear did not fully inform the that the was produced bankrolled by 

on fisa abuse 

president has asked congress to pass a federal tax credit to support state-based scholarship programs and 

read the transcripts! 

true! 

the do nothing democrats are a disgrace! 

the best economy ever! 

witch hunt! 

the real deal! 

witch hunt! 

let our great soldiers fight! 





the do nothing dems will keep their games going on in the swamp well into 2020 because they hate trump and they think it he 



america first! 

congrats bryce mitchell cc: for 

the democrats have thrown a wrecking ball at our democracy. 

no president in american history has been treated like this. 

yesterday, president delivered remarks at the israeli american council national summit. 

b" are journalists concerned about release of john solomon's phone records? some have tried to make him an outcast journalist." 

cnn hits three-year ratings low amid impeachment drama - 

speaker pelosi claimed to resent the word hate. she once said gop were paralyzed with hatred of clinton. 

cnn receives bad tv rating for speaker pelosi town hall 

the fisa report is finally coming. heres what to know about it. 

dana bash puts nadler on the spot with his own statements on partisan impeachment 

nunes: fbi withheld exculpatory information on carter page from fisa court 

joe biden claims ignorance on his sons conflicts of interest with burisma 

.cnn is a ratings disaster. lost all credibility! 

dems busted again on their watergate fantasies... with 

thx 

reading lawsuit against its something. this is how it started, but the facts in here are incontrovertibl 

rep. nunes says he will pursue legal action on release of phone records 

great interview by with 

did mislead the american people 

while democrats are focused on undoing the 2016 election, president trump is doing what he adults withou 

the is finally over. choosing to continue this impeachment charade, im confident my co 

speaker pelosi: "an impeachment is not a pleasant experience. it can be divisive. we don\'t take any glee in this at 

every scam dems have run against mueller to briberyhas have no case for impeachment. 

republicans are working day and night to expose the truth behind the democrats radical, partisan, vindictive efforts t 

the average american outside of d.c. understands due understand do not understand how 

no matter how they try and spin it, dems have been trying to impeach since day 1. now, according to speaker 

b" promises made, promises marks the 2nd anniversary of decision to recognize jerus" 

b" democrats' determination to impeach undercuts our responsibility to govern the nation. instead of focu" 

as a candidate for president, promised to eliminate two old regulations for every new federal regulation i 

great to join in this effort. the adminstration is doing an excellent job by streamlining 

chairman nadler has no choice but to postpone mondays hearing in the wake of a last-minute document transmission that 

"that is almost no movement either way in more than 6 weeks a time during which televised impeachment hearings were h 

all the democrats have are unproven allegations. here are the call text shows zero link between aid/political 

is delivering huge wins for our economy. jobs growing an average of unemployment at 

adam schiff is lying to the american people has 3,500+ pages of phone records on peopleincluding the pressth 

b" democrats devised their timeline for impeaching the president a long time ago, and they've just been filling it in as they g" 

to summarize: many democrats wanted to impeach from the get-go. frustrated at their inability to get 

from the individuals who brought you the russian-collusion the sequel - the ukrainian wil 

house freedom caucus chairman and congressman joined me to discuss the latest round of i 

many stubborn facts destroy the dems impeachment fairy tale. these top highlights remain zelensky didnt kno 

called the 1998 impeachment "fascist." said it was "ripping asunder our 

releases names of the sailors killed in shooting. "we feel the loss profoundly and grieve with the f 

thank you for putting american back to work. just think how much better it could be if members of cong 

b" the house judiciary committee's fundamental choice. my latest op-ed just published in the hill. 

nancy pelosi and house democrats want to impeach simply because they dont like you have to 

what he did is illegal. schiff is a corrupt politician and a criminal! 

from the effort to sink justice brett kavanaughs confirmation cries out for investigation, write and le 

theres nothing about impeachment that turns the president into a ward of the legislature. the executive branch has a righ 

this impeachment subverts the constitution: its nakedly political and procedurally defective, and so far theres no pu 

the "whistleblower" does not have a right to anonymity; at best he would be protected against retaliation in employment. a 

rivkin: dems are falsely accusing of obstruction bribery, this is a political now on war room: impeach 

this would be the first impeachment in american history without a specific criminal statute or crime that the pres 

navarro: why at the dem debates do they never talk about china or the economy? because they dont want to admit president 

schultz: the best evidence in this case came out months ago: the call now on war room: impeachment w/ 

read: the white houses bring it on letter to house democrats 

guardian: nancy pelosi is bungling the impeachment inquiry 

flashback: media called biden-ukraine relationship fishy in 2014 

oh my jobs! u.s. economy adds 266,000 jobs in november 

canada just lost the equivalent of 650,000 jobs as trumps economy roars 

trump trounces obama approval rating at same point of presidencies 

if adam schiff were confident in his legal position, hed want to put the case to a judge. yet he seems desperate not to, w 

.....american people are supposed to believe that this simply isnt a part of everthing theyve been trying to do f 

the democrats havent come up with a smocking gun. nancy pelosi, by raising this to the level of impeachment, has 

thread: so i didnt get to finish comments w/ today due to the breaking news, but here are the two main points: 

2. was clear when he said do us a favor that he was speaking on behalf of the united states. it is a 

the dems are desperately searching for grounds of impeachment and they have lost. they have they are afrai 

ted cruz absolutely annihilating liberal activist, conspiracy theorist, and fake news propagandist, chuck todd. chuck is the 

incredible. read the house judiciary report! dems admitting they changing the standard of proce 

incredibly dangerous reckless policies led to my daughter being murdered on the 3rd floor of her high school in park 

thank you for calling the pensacola shooting for what it should have never happened 

even dems are now against impeachment! dems are for their is a political 

b" ted cruz says trump has 'authority' to investigate corruption in ukraine 

ted cruz blasts trump impeachment inquiry as a "kangaroo court" 

i.g. report out tomorrow. that will be the big story! 

i think the democrats are going to lose many members over this. 

the wall is going up fast! 

the first of yesterdays shooting victims has been idd by family as 23yo joshua kaleb watson: heavily wounded, he made his 

i got nato countries to pay 530 billion dollars a year more, and the u.s. less, and came home to a fake news media 

dont miss life, liberty levin this sunday on fox at 8 pm eastern! for the first time, a fabulous full hour with profe 

never take the audience for granted 

b" pelosi's fascistic rule marks her as one of the worst, if not the worst speaker in history. deceitful, lawless, unethica" 

tonight at 8 pm eastern on fox, dont miss life, liberty levin! my guest for the full hour is professor dershowitz! 

great! 

mediate chuck todd, having lied throughout the russia collusion bs, now lie about ukraine.and if todd wants to be th 

democrat-controlled judiciary committee releases more methane 

the democrats are losing it 

watch foxs the dems are losing it.. trumps driving the left crazy! the economy is posting blowout numbers, 

dont get why puts losers on like (who got zero as presidential candidate before quitting), p 

....its going to go nowhere. they are going to impeach not because they have the evidence, but because they hate t 

any president has the authority to investigate corruption. the president himself released the transcript of the ca 

....biden on the board of the largest natural gas company in ukraine, getting paid $83,000 a month, 10 times as muc 

the democrats are now admitting that they cant prove a crime, they cant prove a law was violated, 

less than 48 hours before start of the impeachment hearing hoax, on monday, the no due process, do nothing democrat 

one america news presents an in-depth report on corruption by former vice president joe biden and his family. 

in the next for edition of one america news investigates, join as she interviews several witnesses who debunk adam sc 

....with the u.s. presidential election in november. north korea, under the leadership of kim jong un, has tremendo 

kim jong un is too smart and has far too much to lose, everything actually, if he acts in a hostile way. he signed 





congratulations to on tonights huge win, a great american patriot! 

schiffs surveillance (obtaining phone logs) is an unprecedented abuse of power. to put it mildly. also, it is illegal! 

1) still waiting for my fellow members of the media to express their deep outrage and alarm that intelligence chair schiff 

democrats lecture about dirt-digging, even as they abuse their surveillance powers to demand phone records to smear politi 

b" i wondered how long it would be before media rushed to defend schiff's indefensible subpoenas and intimidation of the medi" 

also from my column: constitutional lawyer david rivkin makes the case that schiff has opened himself up lawsuits fro 

from my new column: there does not appear to be any basis to believe that a congressional committee is authorized to subp 

impeachment will be the decisive battle in world war trump, now in its third year with no end in sight, writes 

pelosis decision to open the impeachment dam is starting to look like a blunder. rather than let voters decide trumps f 

nancy pelosi saw this summer that adam schiffs take down trump show might be more trouble than it was worth for democrat 

when trump called the impeachment show a kangaroo court, he was only half right. all of washington has become a kangaro 

the united states secret service deputy assistant director, anthony ornato, will become my new deputy chief of staf 

not only have the democrats not advanced key pieces of legislation that would help the economy, but the polls, esp 

why re-elect democrats when you know that this is what they are doing with their majority. their case is not stron 

our economy is the envy of the world! 

hard to believe, but if nancy pelosi had put our great trade deal with mexico and canada, usmca, up for a vote long 

the united states will not rest until we bring every american wrongfully detained in iran and around the world back 

taken during the obama administration (despite $150 billion gift), returned during the trump administration. thank 

while the world is not doing well economically, our country is doing better, perhaps, than it has ever done before. jobs, jobs, jobs! 

read the transcripts! also, see where i say us (our country) as opposed to me (meaning me) and where i then say 

on national pearl harbor remembrance day, we solemnly reflect on the tragic events of december 7, 1941, and honor those who 

b" impeachment coup should be frozen until a full investigation is done on schiff's abuse of power against in" 

fbi has now lost twice in federal court in its scheming to hide fbi-clinton gang conspiracy to try to destroy 

pelosi/schiff abuse worsens, fbi finds clinton emails, plus 5 new jw lawsuits against deepstate 

huge: impeachment abuse expands--schiff implicated in phone records spying misconduct; coup against can sti 

special episode with the brilliant on the russia collusion hoax and kavanaugh. the full video: 

one set of rules for different set for us. 

speaker pelosi this morning: the presidents actions in taking these things to court... is an obstruction of justice. 

b" day 2 - vs. bongino report is workin' the refs and, yeah, we bought it. but nev" 

"pelosi despises you people who don\'t live in the coastal areas... they hate you because you brought president trump to the pr 

"i have no idea what the plan is from the democrats, it makes no sense to me. nancy pelosi can go on public tv and claim that 

trump economist steve moore tells newsmax tv: strong jobs data undercuts any impeachment argument 

ledger the partisan political impeachment inquiry of president trump by the weaponized house of representa 

fox news confirms 7 hours after 

b" one america news has just launched a live 24/7, 365 days a year, uninterrupted cable feed on facebook, and it's only $4.99 per mo" 

i am at the with members of the legal team to defend the interests of heroes 

radio: democrat congressman calls for perpetual impeachment of donald trump 

is counting impeachment votes. heres what president trump is new in manufacturi 

wow. non-stop impeachment barrage. and americas economy and keep delivering big time wins anyway. htt 

washington democrats are counting impeachment votes. president trump is counting 266,000 new jobs and a 50-year record 

i just spoke with president regarding the shooting at nas pensacola and he reiterated his full support 

b" house judiciary huddle before the start of the panel's hearing on the impeachment inqu" 

why is the world bank loaning money to china? can this be possible? china has plenty of money, and if they dont, they create it. stop! 

fake news is reporting that i am still using personal cell phone for calls despite repeated security warnings 

nadler hasnt had a single fact witness testify! zero substancecountry wants and growth, not impeachment. p 

...this bill helps students get the student aid they need to go to college! stop the headaches, and stop the paperw 

great work yesterday by the senate to support our historically black colleges and universities! thank you 

congressman has done a wonderful job for the people of texas while supporting our agenda. he con 

....will temporarily hold off this designation and step up our joint efforts to deal decisively with these vicious 

all necessary work has been completed to declare mexican cartels terrorist organizations. statutorily we are ready 

jobs, jobs, jobs! 

....the king said that the saudi people are greatly angered by the barbaric actions of the shooter, and that this p 

king salman of saudi arabia just called to express his sincere condolences and give his sympathies to the families 

nas pensacola is a huge source of pride for all of northwest florida. it is the home of naval aviation. it is the home of 

just received a full briefing on the tragic shooting at nas pensacola in florida, and spoke to my 

without the horror show that is the radical left, do nothing democrats, the stock markets and economy would be even 

this seems personal. that it is deeply unfair, that has not changed. this has become a matter of th 

this is a blowout. look at these manufacturing numbers, a blowout. 

this is the best number ive ever seen in my life. 

great jobs repo! 

escambia co. sheriff\'s office: "there is no longer an active shooter on nas pensacola. the shooter is confirmed 

stock markets up record numbers. for this year alone, dow up 18.65%, up 24.36%, nasdaq composite up 29.17%. its the economy, stupid. 

the founders began the constitution with we the people for a wants to negate the votes of 63m american 

a great day for terrible day for house of representatives. 

the audacity of nancy just claimed, this has absolutely nothing to do with democrats boy 

b" the democrats are right about one thing - someone did abuse their it's not them. their i" 

while democrats continue their obsession with impeaching president try to overturn the will of the american peop 

the liberal "experts" invited to testify by house democrats yesterday have had an appetite for impeachment since before pre 

do not believe any article or story you read or see that uses anonymous sources having to do with trade or any ot 

wheres the fake whistleblower? wheres whistleblower number 2? wheres the phony informer who got it all wrong? 

the story today that we are sending 12,000 troops to saudi arabia is false or, to put it more accurately, fake news! 



mitch mcconnells memoir the long game is now available in paperback with a new foreword written by president 

republican approval rating = 95%. thank you! 

nancy pelosi just had a nervous fit. she hates that we will soon have 182 great new judges and sooo much more. stoc 

thank you! 

....this will mean that the beyond important and seldom used act of impeachment will be used routinely to attack fu 

the do nothing, radical left democrats have just announced that they are going to seek to impeach me over nothing. 

.....trial in the senate, and so that our country can get back to business. we will have schiff, the bidens, pelosi 

the do nothing democrats had a historically bad day yesterday in the house. they have no impeachment case and are d 

tremendous things achieved for u.s. on my nato trip. proudly for our country, no president has ever achieved so muc 

i just obtained unanimous consent to enter this into the record. 

b" can't wait to tell my kids president (kind of) retweeted me cc 

the fake news media is doing everything possible to belittle my very successful trip to london for nato. i got along g 

house democrats continue to waste the american peoples time with their impeachment passing securing o 

....i would like to have the attorney general (of the united states) call you or your people..... this, based on 

when i said, in my phone call to the president of ukraine, i would like you to do us a favor though because our co 

democrat leaders have no clear vision for america besides trying to steal the 2020 election away from voters though thei 

impeachment witness: obama refused to give evidence to congress 

jim banks calls on lindsey graham to subpoena adam schiffs phone records 

thank you for keeping these partisan hacks in check! somebody has to..no decorum and an absolute free for 

beautiful job! 

matt gaetz is an absolute boss as he destroys the impeachment witnesses over democratic donations and bias and slams prof 

just read the best maureen dowd column, in the new york times, ever (although she treated me great before politics) 

"on the very first day of my swearing in, a democrat in my class called for the impeachment of the pre 

have thrown every accusation at they can russian obs 

democrats are pursuing their hatred for atop the ruins of our public liberty. that is the greatest dan 

while president trump is overseas defending the are in washington dividing the country. 

today has been like everything else in the sham impeachment - purposely misleading and not based on the facts. the fact 

has now recognized space as an operational domain and the alliance is stronger for it. u.s. leadership ensur 

the fake news media is doing everything possible to belittle my very successful trip to london for nato. i got alon 

a minor child deserves privacy and should be kept out of politics. pamela karlan, you should be ashamed of your very angry and 

the greatest danger of this fraudulent impeachment production is not what happens this afternoon or 

b" breaking: asked the witnesses in today's sham hearing to raise their hands if they have personal knowledg" 

"to all of the witnesses: if you have personal knowledge of a single material fact in the schiff report, please raise you 

b" all 3 of the democrats' law professors came w/ preconceived biases. two have said for years that various acts by the pr" 

anyone with personal knowledge of a single material fact in the schiff report? 

just brought the house down. will democrats bring in witnesses with actual first-hand knowledge of 

mic drop from jonathan turley ratcliffe: so if i were to summarize your testimony - no bribery, 

watch: highlights why this is a predetermined impeachment by democrats. 

it would seemsince schiff, for example, misled the american people on multiple occasionscommon sen 

turley to congress: if you impeach a president, if you make a high crime misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it 

"if you impeach a president, if you make a high crime and misdemeanor out of going to the courts, it is an abuse of power. 

i had hoped that my colleagues across the aisle would want to hear all the facts before they undo the 2016 election, bu 

house democrats have brought congress to a standstill with their impeachment passage of lower drug p 

prof. turley: impeachments have to be based on proof not presumptions. 

jonathan turley, not a trump supporter, looks at democrats and delivers one of the most powerful quotes of the hearing 

as house democrats kick off another day of their impeachment sham, heres a reminder that after two weeks of public testimony 

b" watch legal expert testifying before nadler's judiciary committee says this would be the first impeachment in history w" 

....when todays meetings are over, i will be heading back to washington. we wont be doing a press conference at t 

....just finished meetings with turkey and germany. heading to a meeting now with those countries that have met the 

great progress has been made by nato over the last three years. countries other than the u.s. have agreed to pay 13 

enjoyed my meeting with prime minister of the united kingdom at last night. talked a 

an official photograph of majesty the queen, the prince of wales, nato secretary general and of state and gov 

b" there's no denying that since took office, has been significantly president secured $1" 

tomorrow, democrats will get three constitutional lawyers and republicans will only get entire process is unfair 

thanks to efforts with in new defense biggest increase in a generation 

true! 

"jordan: democrats didn\'t admit they were wrong about russia, just moved on to 

thank you sarah! 

b" the headliner: comments on the republican reaction to the house judiciary committee's witness list for wed" 

thank you! 

paid family leave is vitally important to the prosperity of our workforce well-being of our 

excellent start to in london with president we are adapting nato to new challenges ar 

it was a pleasure to take part in a breakfast hosted by secretary general to discuss the prog 

president has made america great again and now its time to see you tomorrow, michigan! 

thanks to president leadership, were living in the best economy in the history of the united states! 

president has been putting american workers first since day one and when the playing field is level, they can comp 

watching schiff hold an embarrassing impeachment sham press conference in the swamp from my phone, while president 

doesnt matter what the dems write. 4 facts will never call transcript shows no trump and 

between july 18th when aid was paused and sept 11th when it was released, there were 5 interactions between president zelen 

2 of those 5 meetings happened after ukraine learned aid was pence met president zelensky on johnso 

too bad. we will miss you kamala! 

b" were working on the usmca. we're trying to get nancy pelosi to put it up for a vote it's a great deal for everybody. so hopeful" 

whats happening on capitol hill is a disgrace and the fact that its happening during a conference in london is a disservice 

the whole thing backfired. if you look at every single swing state impeachment is now under water. 

president just met with prime minister of canada. 

president just met with president of francea partner of the united states in many key ven 

b" president trump has been fighting for increased burden sharing by nato members, and it's working. over $130 billion in new" 

the united states of america supports the brave people of iran who are protesting for their freedom. we have under 

nancy pelosi and other house democrats overestimated the extent to which whatever allegations theyre making about the uk 

b" tonight: i'll be on to discuss the latest on impeachment and the upcoming judiciary hearings this week. tune" 

looks like and his team did some excellent work is a robust defense of president th 

great as always to be on with 

author of "the plot against the president:the true story behind how congressman devin nunes uncovered the biggest politic 

in this weeks episode of my im joined by lee smith, author of the plot against the president. ive tweeted qu 

true! 

b" president zelensky has repeatedly said there was no pressure to investigate political rivals. a" 

b" ukraine's president zelensky renews denial of a quid pro quo with trump over military aid 

mini mike bloomberg has instructed his third rate news organization not to investigate him or any democrat, but to 

this year is shaping up to be one of the best ever for investors, with nearly every single asset class on track to finish 2019 in 

just landed in the united kingdom, heading to london for nato meetings tomorrow. prior to landing i read the republ 

the fed should lower rates (there is almost no inflation) and loosen, making us competitive with other nations, and 

manufacturers are being held back by the strong dollar, which is being propped up by the ridiculous policies of the 



breaking news: the president of ukraine has just again announced that president trump has done nothing wrong with resp 

ukraine\'s zelensky: i never talked to trump about "position of a quid pro quo" 

thank you to president zelensky. case over. the do nothing democrats should finally go back to work! 

president and last traveled to the united kingdom on a state visit in june 2019. 

in the 3 decades before my election, nato spending declined by two-thirds, and only 3 other nato members were meeti 

great job by of georgia over the weekend in representing the republican party, and myself, against the impeachment hoax! 

when lisa page, the lover of peter strzok, talks about being crushed, and how innocent she is, ask her to read pe 

the republican party has never been so united! this impeachment scam is just a continuation of the 3 year witch hun 

the spirit of america is shining in the i am delighted to share this beautiful exhibit of patriotism for all to 

not only did i see it i think it is fantastic. you are a wonderful artist, never give up your dream! 

thank you to great republican for the job he did in representing both the republican party and myse 

thank you to congressman ben for the great remarks this morning on the illegitimate impeachment hoa 

heading to europe to represent our country and fight hard for the american people while the do nothing democrats pu 

the do nothing democrats get 3 constitutional lawyers for their impeachment hoax (they will need them!), the republ 

when the law enforcers turn out to be the law breakers, then we have totally upended the rule of law. nobody is sa 

the democrats dont have any evidence, but they are still going to do it anyway. thats the sham thats going on h 

breaking news: the president of ukraine has just again announced that president trump has done nothing wrong with r 

the united states has outperformed the rest of the world in an eye popping fashion. i dont think weve seen numbe 

the american people are going to see this for what it is. it is a political effort by the democrats, and the presi 

the process has been unfair. republicans cant even get their own witnesses. it gets me that adam schiff is not pu 

u.s. markets are up as much as 21% since the announcement of tariffs on 3/1/2018 - and the u.s. is taking in massiv 

.....reserve should likewise act so that countries, of which there are many, no longer take advantage of our strong 

brazil and argentina have been presiding over a massive devaluation of their currencies. which is not good for our 

it is clear that there is none of the bipartisan support that speaker pelosi said for months was essential for imp 

the trump administration is set to begin nationwide distribution of free hiv prevention medication to uninsured patients on monda 

im so proud that president has committed to ending the hiv epidemic in the next 10 years...the fact is 

trump economy breaks holiday shopping records. 

great writer and historian, doug wead, has written a true (not fake news) account of what is going on in washington 

donald trump was framed back in 2016. 100% correct, maria, and we can never let this happen to another president again! 

....in america, community by community where we will eradicate aids in 10 years, program already started. american 

on world aids day, the first lady and i express our support for those living with hiv/aids and mourn the lives lost 

schiffs impeachment hearings wasting time when congress must do real work 

trump did nothing impeachable, day-by-day review of all impeachment hearing testimony shows 

b"sen. tim scott says trump 'innocent,' 'no way' senate convicts 

"the men and women of our military are totally loyal to our country. and every day i am president, america will always be t 

b" just 8 work days left on congress' calendar this of attacking pelosi should work across" 

an incredible experience! 

b" one year ago today, president signed the with canada and now sits on nancy pelosi's desk" 

one year ago today, president signed the while this administration works for the american people, speaker 

president deregulatory agenda unleashed american ingenuity and we are on path to becoming not just energy indepe 

b" . won't get the nomination, trump won't win, stock market will tank, russia collusion...these are the st" 

president will host a keep america great rally on tuesday, december 10, at 7:00 pm (est) at the giant cente 

nancy pelosi wont put it up for a vote. has delayed it for 6 months. see you in 

i will be representing our country in london at nato, while the democrats are holding the most ridiculous impeachme 

robert johnson knows business politics. he also understands lowest african american unemployment in u.s. history! 

b" just in: top judiciary republican calls on committee to expand list of impeachment witnesses ahead of next week's hearing 

and the do nothing democrats want to impeach president trump? 

thank you to and oliver north for the nice words and thoughts in an excellent interview. best wishes! 

b" kamala harris aide says in resignation letter: 'i've never seen staff treated so poorly' | thehill. if this was the 

well said. there is so much work left do be done. lets move past this impeachment farce, follow the lead of 



small businesses create 2 out of every 3 net new jobs in the united states? your support for entrepreneurs 

just returned to the united states after spending a great thanksgiving with our courageous american warriors in afg 

talk about their experience at the black voices for trump event along with the itch of the week that n 

i thought newsweek was out of business? 

happy thanksgiving! 

thank you for your sacrifice and 

b" this thanksgiving, we are thankful to all who wear our nation's uniform, allowing us to celebrate in safety and peace. 

happy thanksgiving! 

"therefore, i, donald j. trump, president of the united states of america, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the c 

congress broke for thanksgiving late last week. thanks to the far lefts impeachment stunt, the house has been effectively 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

new stock market record today, again. congratulations usa! 

people now realize it is a democrat hoax! 



what an amazing night in florida! 



overwhelmingly strong support for in a dem county in battleground supporters are already 

god bless the u.s.a.! 



thank you florida! 

b"omb official: ukraine aid held up because other countries weren't giving 



live: president pardons the national thanksgiving turkey 

...love to have mike pompeo, rick perry, mick mulvaney and many others testify about the phony impeachment hoax. it 

...lawyer has already stated that i did nothing wrong. john bolton is a patriot and may know that i held back the m 

the d.c. wolves and fake news media are reading far too much into people being forced by courts to testify before c 

president signs the womens suffrage centennial commemorative coin act which will direct the u.s. treasur 

adam schiff challenger jennifer barbosa attacks him for chasing impeachment while allegedly ignoring homeless people in ca 

the tide is turning against democrats on impeachment 

poll: independents flip on impeachment, now opposed after first two weeks of public hearings. 

when the military rips down an old badly broken border wall in an important location, replaces it with a brand 

i will always protect our great warfighters. ive got your backs! 

great job heather! 

is there a 2020 democrat who can compete on the economy? - university of maryland business professor weighs 

as this sham continues, remember this is supposedly an impeachment hearing not a personnel hearing, not a policy debat 

poll shows dems losing interest in impeachment inquiry all across the board. these polls are actually devastating 

pelosi herself said impeachment must be compelling, overwhelming, and 2 weeks of sham hearings, 

as democrats charge forward on of despite certainty of defeat, dont let them forget phony 

president will host a keep america great rally tomorrow at 7:00 pm est at in sunrise, florida 

president met with prime minister earlier today on measures to strengthen the strategic par 

b" great job and trump signs animal cruelty bill targeting 'heinous and sadistic'" 

dow, nasdaq, 500 close at record highs 



democrats committed to impeaching trump for no reason. will backfire into big 2020 victory for republicans! 

president trump signed the womens suffrage centennial commemorative coin act! will issue $1 coins commemorat 

president just signed the preventing animal cruelty and torture (pact) act into lawwhich makes it a feder 

dow, nasdaq, 500 close at record highs 

congratulations to all of the national champions! 



another new stock market record. enjoy! 

the democrats are getting hit and slammed on impeachment. it is getting less and less popular by the day. 

support for impeachment is dropping like a rock, down into the 20s in some polls. dems should now get down to work 

president trump is facing a process which is unprecedented for its unfairness. sam dewey 

agnes, your great boy ronald is looking down, very proud of you! 

trump 2020 will win in 2020, and hes going to do it with the help of millions of black voter 

president welcomed outstanding student athletes and coaches from all over the nation to the white house fo 

that he is unconventional is not a bad thing for me. heck, its why i voted for read from 

....honors that he has earned, including his trident pin. admiral and now ambassador to norway ken braithwaite will 

....contracting procedures were not addressed to my satisfaction. therefore, secretary of the navy richard spencer 

i was not pleased with the way that navy seal eddie gallaghers trial was handled by the navy. he was treated very 

democrats going back to their districts for thanksgiving are getting absolutely hammered by their constituents over 

the whole russia thing was a hoax, and the ukraine thing is a hoax, and the democrats are a joke. this is a disast 

the impeachment scam is driving republican poll numbers up, up, up! thank you shifty. 

the first phase of impeachment did not go well for democrats. it needed to be a time when support for the inquiry and impe 

"by massive margins, independents say that the impeachment issue is \'more important to politicians than it is 

this is a great and well reseached book on justice k. the ruth marcus book is a badly written reseached disaster. 

and yet, one thing remains the same: house democrats have wanted to impeach the president since day one. these hearings ha 

as i have said before - no president has leaned in more than on lowering drug costs for the american pe 

witch hunt! 

nunes to sue cnn, daily beast over demonstrably false stories he sought dirt on biden - - 

adam schiff takes a rorschach test. 

adam schiff tries stand-up comedy. 

b" watch: greg's latest monologue. 

b" here's a preview of tonight's life, liberty and levin on fox news at 8pm eastern. 

michael bloombergs big gulp the worst nyc mayor after bill de 

wow! thanks everyone for supporting help meadow save the day! almost in the top 50 sales ranking on barnes no 

the california supreme court is the only piece of government in the state that has any common sense t 

oh dear. hunter biden-linked company received $130m in special federal loans while joe biden was vice president 

this whole ukraine thing is about to blow up in dems face so big 

huge congrats to new mom hubby jeremy! welcome baby hartley to the family. so glad all is w 

simply mind boggling that here we are, heading into year 4 of the trump presidency, in a time of tremendous american econom 

russia invaded eastern ukraine, picked off crimea, and shot an airliner out of the sky killing hundreds of civilians *whil 

for perspective this x 1000!!! why? 

be prepared for bureaucrats at fbi to claim sheer incompetence as their defense to whatever comes out of the horowitz probe 

people need to stop making democrats look like a bunch of crazy left wing extremists by quoting them and sharing their offi 

b" npr reviews new glenn simpson book. says steele dossier 'found its way to news organizations.' why obscure what happened? in" 

what did forrest gumps mama say about stupid people ? 

"by massive margins, independents say that the impeachment issue is more important to politicians than it is to me (62% to 

lies about the fact that she sent her kids to private school. read that your children went to private schoo 

but i did nothing wrong. read the transcripts (2)! 

100% correct! 

great to have my brother join us for convocation this 

agnes, your great boy ronald is looking down, very proud of you! 

b" new rnc ad uses democrats' own words on impeachment against them 

exclusive: elise stefanik reflects on her two-week whirlwind 

this whole thing is tearing our country apart. 

the unspoken truth: what impeachment exposed about trump and 2020 

looking forward to adam schiff tries to act angry on the show 

this is the real story behind the do nothing democrats! 

a tremendous week. says he wants a full senate trial following the dems disastrous impeachment hearings. 

case closed! say the radical dems have no case or evidence to impeach 

too bad we didnt have the g-7 here. i offered to pick up the entire cost, would have saved at least $35,000,000 fo 

polls have now turned very strongly against impeachment, especially in swing states. 75% to 25%. thank you! 

nancy pelosi, adam schiff, aoc and the rest of the democrats are not getting important legislation done, hence, the 

navy seal eddie gallagher will be on this morning at 7:30 a.m. have no fear, all will end well for everyone! 

pushed hard to have apple build in usa! 







95% approval rate in the republican party, a record! thank you! 

thank you kevin for the nice words! 

....sondland said trump told him. none of this will move the needle for anyone. and now dems in swing districts hea 

....any direct evidence that president trump did anything impeachable. no one heard him order a quid pro quo. no on 

new york post editorial. worse than pointless. all those hours of televised testimony plainly failed on their anno 

daniel cameron, who just won the a.g. race in the great commonwealth of kentucky, is a young and very talented poli 

.....brennan, too. and the whistleblower also worked for susan rice. its an understatement to say that this is a w 

the democrats dirty tricks have started this whole thing. the whistleblower, the guy who took his case to schiffs 

joe concha, the hill: in emerson college poll, impeachment among independents, 49% oppose, 34% support. you see wh 

adam schiff will be compelled to testify should the democrats decide, despite the fact that my presidential convers 

the support for impeachment is not there. i think the democrats will have to come up with a new game plan. 

b" schiff says when republicans use phrase 'russia hoax,' they are denying russian interference. untrue. obvious fact: when rep" 

potentially huge. stay tuned... reportedly finds evidence fbi lawyer falsified fisa 

b" jim jordan says facts are on trump's side after week of public impeachment 

wow - impeachment way under water with independents. 49% oppose, only 34% american people see through thi 



...house republicans are showing real leadership and prepared to enact bipartisan solutions for drug prices. do not 

...pelosi and her do nothing democrats drug pricing bill doesnt do the trick. fewer cures! fewer treatments! time 

...while we had the first prescription drug price decrease in 50 years, americans still pay far too much for drugs 

and i will soon release a plan to let florida and other states import prescription drugs that are much ch 

thank you to mitch mcconnell and kevin mccarthy for their great leadership! there has neve 

schiff\'s "fact" witnesses! 

i will be interviewed on this morning at 8:00 a.m. i know that theres not much to talk about, but w 

former fbi employee accused of altering fisa documents. hello, here we go! 

we just raised 250k in 15 minutes. thank you! help us get to 500k tonight go to to join the figh 

bottom line: adam schiff failed to bring any evidence for impeaching watch me on tonight 

today we heard from amb. sondland that told him: no quid pro quo. i want nothing. evidence of im 

reminder for democrats crying crocodile tears about a brief halt in 2014, ukraines president went before congr 

public polls are matching what weve seen in our approval is the highest its been since 

"its a hoax. its a disgrace. its an embarrassment to our country. nancy pelosi has done a terrible j 

b" the hoax is over. it's done. they tried and failed. they didn't have one witness to testify that president 

re its not denying interfered w our 2016 election. its democrats house media 

adam schiff is running the democrat sham impeachment but now its time you got your your 100% cotton 

in 2016, president asked african americans, what do you have to 2020, it is now imagine all th 

house democrats have been trying to invalidate the will of the american people since day wont let them take awa 

and so it begins. if exclusive is confirmed, big trouble at the allegation according to their excel 

and bring team trump to oregon and arizona to rally is ready to stay red in 20 



thank you and great job! 



mark levin on impeachment hysteria! 

join me for my exclusive tomorrow w 6-9am et. find out 

"schiff\'s charade" 

schiff\'s "fact" witnesses! 

every time the trump administration meets speaker pelosi halfway on the usmca, she tries to move the goalposts. the speak 

just called out democrats for their lies about republican support in holding russia accountable for election m 

b" the american people expect fairness. has been anything but this ci" 

13 conversations that ambassador taylor he didnt remember mr. holmes briefing him about a call that was 

b" when you're trying to overturn 63 million votes and take down a sitting president, you better come up with something mo" 

democrats have brought in numerous witnesses to testify about matters completely unrelated to the heart of their impeachm 

this was an enlightening exchange btw holmes could hear the ukraine portion of the call btw tr 

a notable theme in these hearings: some career officials seem to act as though their job is to decide americas foreign 

a 40 minute opening statement from a guy who overheard a phone call that was a couple is the democrats la 

....they want zero transparency, thinking the world will not find out the death and tragedy that the iranian regime is causing! 

iran has become so unstable that the regime has shut down their entire internet system so that the great iranian pe 

.....president trump said the ukraine president should just do the right thing (no quid pro quo). you shouldnt cha 

ken starr, former independent counsel: does this reach the level of treason, bribery or other high crimes and misd 

i have been watching people making phone calls my entire life. my hearing is, and has been, great. never have i bee 

read the two transcripts of ukrainian calls! 

the republican party, and me, had a great day yesterday with respect to the phony impeachment hoax, yet, when i got 

the navy will not be taking away warfighter and navy seal eddie gallaghers trident pin. this case was handled very 

....nothing gives schiff jurisdiction over impeachment. 

the new house resolution gives adam schiff (the most dishonest man in politics) the power unilaterally to release 

.....but we are winning big, and they will soon be on our turf. 

corrupt politician adam schiffs lies are growing by the day. keep fighting tough, republicans, you are dealing wit 

i never in my wildest dreams thought my name would in any way be associated with the ugly word, impeachment! the ca 

freed taliban hostages arrive in germany. we got them back! 

.....president before. what they are doing is not legal. but im clean, and when i release my financial statement ( 

bob mueller, after spending two years and 45 million dollars, went over all of my financials, my taxes, and found 

the republican party, and me, had a great day yesterday with respect to the phony impeachment hoax, yet, when i g 

during my visit yesterday to austin, texas, for the startup of the new mac pro, the discussion of a new one $bill 

why do waste airtime on democrat rep. eric swalwell, who recently left the presidential pr 



poll: trump leads top 2020 democrats in wisconsin 

impeachment witch hunt is now over! ambassador sondland asks u.s. president (me): what do you want from ukraine? i ke 

....i want nothing! i want nothing! i want no quid pro quo! tell president zelensky to do the right thing! later, am 

all four of gordon sondlands lawyers are democrat donors. despite this, big win today for republicans! 

watch big news! 



if this were a prizefight, theyd stop it! 

today i opened a major apple manufacturing plant in texas that will bring high paying jobs back to america. today n 

with every question that asks, democrats\' sham impeachment gets weaker and "you testified, \'preside 

president obama gave ukraine blankets. president trump gave ukraine missiles. 

president trump: i want nothing. i want no quid pro quo. i want zelensky to do what he ran on. 

"mr. sondland, let\'s be clear: no one on this planetnot donald trump, rudy guiliani, mick mulvan 

all i heard about the call, is that it was a good call. 

calls it like it ukrainians got a call from the ukrainians got a meeting with the presi 

story of the sondland hearing of no one else on this planet told you that donal 

i want nothing! 

....i want nothing! i want nothing! i want no quid pro quo! tell president zelensky to do the right thing! later, 

impeachment witch hunt is now over! ambassador sondland asks u.s. president (me): what do you want from ukraine? i 

president delivers a statement on the sham impeachment process: 

we join families of kevin king tim weeks in celebrating their release from taliban captivity. thanks to president 



sondland agrees the president never told him any preconditions for 

sondland testifies he asked "what do you want [from reportedly responded: "i want nothing, 

read the transcript. 

case closed ambassador sondland just testified under oath that he never heard the president say there were conditions on a 

breaking ambassador sondland: i dont recall president trump ever talking to me about any security assistance. ever. 

what this "bombshell" hearing is amounting to: another witness who never heard anything from the reach 

q: did ever tell you personally about any pre-conditions for any pre-condit 

nancy pelosi will go down as the least productive speaker of the house in history. she is dominated by aoc plus 3 a 

white house confidence grows as hearings wear on. this is just an attempted takedown of the republica 

the three year hoax continues! 

true. great job 

read the transcripts! 

rep. "no quid pro "correct." 

thank you tennessee! 

congressman van drew (d-nj): weve spent millions of dollars, in my opinion, tons of money, tons of time, tons of h 

shatters the myths created by the "whistleblower" no violation of law or executive no ment 

q: in no way shape or form... did you receive any indication whatsoever that resembled a quid pro quo. is that 

watch amb. volker just took apart democrats entire case. did he ever say to you that he was not going 

b" what we've learned today from the democrats sham impeachment quid pro shor" 

a great day for republicans, a great day for our country! 

i agree, but in the end we will win and save our country from certain destruction! 

its time for democrats to *do their job* and ratify 

chairman schiff is clearly not getting the answers he wants from volker and morrison to close this conti 

so far today we have vindman, who never met or spoke to potus, testifying of alarming "demands" in the 7/25 wit 

very bad day for and democrats. is crumbling. witness just told 

the dems\' new "bribery" narrative is unraveling witnesses confirmed today that they were never asked to br 



the facts are with this charade has never been more than political theater and the american peopl 

i will speak up for my constituents in tennessee who have had enough of this impeachment charade and want congress to act 

b" the founding fathers warned against what democrats are doingpolitical impeachment simply because they don't like a pre" 

since the day president took office, house democrats have ignored working americans to focus on their only 

what is crystal clear during these are the facts are on the presidents has changed. not 

following this week, there are only 2 remaining weeks congress is scheduled to be in session this 

important reminder from the president sets u.s. foreign policy, not unelected staff. 

nails poll-tested, and they found that the crime of bribery alarms voters the most. the on 

in the 3,500 pages of transcripts released so far, there was only one reference to bribery. ironically to describe vice p 

lt. col. vindman was offered the position of defense minister for the ukrainian government three times! 

schiffs sham impeachment is collapsing. 

fact check: true. republicans are on democrats cant hide the facts in their secret bunker anymore. the presid 

watch: lays out the president trump made no "demand" of president zelensky. president zel 

lt. col. vindman says he doesnt know the whistleblowers claims he doesnt know the whistlebl 

pelosi now claims this charade is all about problem with that focus-group-tested narrative? no witness h 

schiff just shut down ranking member to advise one of his star witnesses on how to answer a question about 

if adam schiff ltc vindman dont know who the whistleblower is, how would they know that naming the one person ltc vi 

i am struck by schiff\'s attempt to characterize president trump\'s conversation with president zelensky as a "demand." i 

we all have the transcript of the call schiff is asking vindman to describe for us. we can all read it because the whit 

no pressure ale with the statements from ukrainian leaders, vindman testifies that he did not hea 

b" democrats also conveniently gloss over fact that, under administration, ukraine received lethal mili" 

remember there is still no due process in these the president doesnt get to request the presiden 

these questions from deserve is the full extent of the democrats prior coordination with the wh 

and are trying to reverse a national election out of fear and hatred of something they don 



nasdaq up 27% this year alone! 

nancy pelosi just stated that it is dangerous to let the voters decide trumps fate. in other words, sh 

the do nothing democrats have disgraced our great country! 

in the 55 days that aid to ukraine was delayed, president zelensky had 5 calls and meetings with high-ranking american offi 

b" so much of the democrats' impeachment effort has revolved around unelected bureaucrats airing their policy grievances with" 

at my meeting with jay powell this morning, i protested fact that our fed rate is set too high relative to the inte 

mark levin speaking one week after i took office. this was always a planned coup and the radical left democrats wil 

great news! 

thank you! 



congressman van drew (d-nj) slams democrats for fracturing the nation with impeachment probe. we already know h 

just finished a very good cordial meeting at the white house with jay powell of the federal reserve. everything w 

....that i testify about the phony impeachment witch hunt. she also said i could do it in writing. even though i di 

our crazy, do nothing (wheres usmca, infrastructure, lower drug pricing much more?) speaker of the house, nervou 

never has the republican party been so united as it is now. 95% a.r. this is a great fraud being played out against 

schiff controls who controls how republicans use our question controls what gets release 



all they do is bring up witnesses who didnt witness anything. nothing matters exc 

the impeachment started before he even became president. 





where is the fake whistleblower? 



republicans others must remember, the ukrainian president and foreign minister both said that there was no pressu 

the crazed, do nothing democrats are turning impeachment into a routine partisan weapon. that is very bad for our c 

tell jennifer williams, whoever that is, to read both transcripts of the presidential calls, see the just release 



paul krugman of has been wrong about me from the very beginning. anyone who has followed his words of wis 

schiff is a corrupt politician! 

blew the nasty obnoxious chris wallace (will never be his father, mike!) away on chriss lowest ra 

thanks eric! 

i hope no one who serves our country and volunteers to do the unthinkable is ever treated like this again! great job 

trump washington d.c! 







paul krugman has called me wrong from day one. people at the failing new york times are very angry at him for havin 



adam schiffs track spread false allegations about fabricated a call transcript during a congressiona 



this. this is the impeachment that democrats have spent the last three years working on. of hearsay from handpicke 





coming new with debunking pelosis drug pricing scheme. 







i agree katrina, pam bondi is a great woman! 

b" watch: schiff's sham is at it again. this time, he refuses to let speak (again). circ" 

the do nothing dems are now doing even less - and soooo much work to be done! 

joe ricketts, one of our countrys most successful businessmen, including being the owner of the chicago cubs, has 

a big difference! 

our great farmers will recieve another major round of cash, compliments of china tariffs, prior to thanksgiving. 

has a great show going on right now, 10:00 a.m. fantastic guests talk about the fake impeachment! 

mr. chairman, joe biden may be sleepy and very slow, but he is not a rabid dog. he is actually somewhat better th 

dowd never understood the pulse of the republican party, present or past. hes just a 3rd rate hit job for fake new 

how many times can adam schiff say the gentlewoman is not recognized? he clearly has no interest in letting republican 

a new republican star is born. great going 

"do you have any info regarding the potus accepting any you have any info regarding any cr 

is on can do nothing but watch his sham crumble. 

thank you pete. our great warfighters must be allowed to fight. i would not have done this for sgt. bergdahl or che 

ever since president took action in the face of congress neglect, border apprehensions have plummeted by 

just finished the depo of omb staffer, mark sandy, in schiffs capitol basement bunker. he came in to testify about why t 

visited a great family of a young man under major surgery at the amazing walter reed medical center. those are trul 









true! 

no quid without a quo: on president vindication after morrisons testimony. 

impeachment is meant to be a big deal, but democrats and the media have accomplished the disturbing feat of turning it int 

congratulations kimberley. great book! 

the most important part of todays hearing was amb. yovanovitchs statement that she has no evidence that trump received 

the qs the press asked schiff at his post-hearing news conference were friendly. the qs the press asked to the republica 

louisiana, vote today! he will be a great governor! 

i mean, come on. the democrats are doing focus groups to try and figure out what words to use to move the needle. 

triggered, a great book by my son, don. now number one on list. keep it there for a while! 

good morning louisiana! polls are open at 7am. get out and vote for to be your next gov! he will get you 

....and taylor, dismissing everybody involved from the obama holdover days trying to undermine trump, getting rid o 

my support for donald trump has never been greater than it is right now. it is paramountly obvious watching this, 

dow hits 28,000 - first time ever, highest ever! gee, pelosi schitt have a good idea, lets impeach the president 

army 1st lt. clint lorance, one of two u.s. army officers granted clemency friday by potus trump, was released from prison 

louisiana, vote today! he will be a great governor! 

good morning louisiana! polls are open at 7am. get out and vote for to be your next gov! he will get 

ag bill barr: "immediately after president trump won election, opponents inaugurated what they call \'the resistance\' and they 

attorney general bill barr slams the constant efforts to undermine the president in a speech to the federalist society 





thank you! 



history is going to be so massively unkind towards pelosi, schiff and the rest of congressional democrats who continue su 

the democrats second day impeachment witness, ambassador yovanovitch, has no information on any of the relevant questio 

obamas own state dept. was so concerned about conflicts of interest from hunter bidens role at burisma that they raise 

the facts are clear, confirmed by our witness, ambassador yovanovitch: defensive lethal aid was provided to ukraine not 

b" the dems' star witness was just asked on record if she had any information regarding accepting any bribe" 

before chairman adam schiff gets a chance to make up another phone call between presidents trump and zelensky, j 



ukrainian fm vadym prystaiko said on thur that the u.s. amb did not link financial military assistance to a request for uk 

we now have both the april and july calls between president trump and president zelensky. once again, no linkage of any kin 

bravo from who just summarized this whole "do you have any information regarding potus a 

democrats didnt like the outcome of the 2016 election, so now theyre trying to impeach h 

"i just want to get it on record. in terms of defensive lethal aid, which you were an advocate for, that was 

is exactly right: former ambassador yovanovitch should not be a witness at an impeachment hearing where 

why is chairman schiff afraid of doesnt he want republican members to ask is he conductin 

quick reminder ambassador marie yovanovitch is yet another person who wasnt present on the july 25th call and tha 

one thing to how, so far, the democrats have been peppering the witness with questions asking her to spec 

b" this witness has absolutely no relevant information. she can't bring any first-hand knowledge of the events and was recall" 

no matter how hard the media and the democrats try to spin the hearings, these are the facts... 

....a double standard like never seen before in the history of our country? 

so they now convict roger stone of lying and want to jail him for many years to come. well, what about crooked hill 

stock market up big. new and historic record. job, jobs, jobs! 

we have vacancies in various departments because we do not want or need as many people as past administrations (and 











another record stock market, 21 times this year, despite an ongoing, totally unfounded, witch hunt, a democrat 

....they call it serving at the pleasure of the president. the u.s. now has a very strong and powerful foreign po 

everywhere marie yovanovitch went turned bad. she started off in somalia, how did that go? then fast forward to ukr 

......filth pouring into the pacific ocean is rapidly becoming an environmental hazard, is getting nothing done. sh 

the impeachment witch hunt should be over with the statement made last night by the president and foreign minister 

....ambassador sondland did not tell us, and certainly did not tell me, about a connection between the assistance a 

democrats must apologize to usa: ukrainian foreign minister vadym prystaiko said that united states ambassador gor 

this saturday, the eyes of history are looking at the people of louisiana. if you want to defend your values, your 



great news for and poultry farmers across the country! thank you 

today the ukrainian foreign minister, vadym prystaiko, verified what we already have never seen a direct relation 

calls between and taylor meet bolton meets zelensky 

b" adam schiff is wasting the nation's time with impeachment hearings 

getting ready to land in louisiana to do rally with great republican for governor. he will get your t 

....we send our deepest condolences to the families and friends of those tragically lost, and we pray for the speed 

we continue to monitor the terrible events at saugus high school in santa clarita, california through our ongoing c 

wheres the fake whistleblower? 

....that the house democrats have done since shes become speaker, other than chase donald trump. this impeachment 

....anywhere, so weve now had 3 years of the democrats chasing donald trump. nancy pelosis worried about the amer 

wsj: nancy pelosi had it right the first time when she did not want to go down the impeachment path 

that hearing was about a policy dispute. robert ray. regular people watching this cannot conclude that the presi 

neither one of the democrat star witnesses at the impeachment hearings could point out an impeachable offense. tha 

walmart announces great numbers. no impact from tariffs (which are contributing $billions to our treasury). inflati 

hit new stock market record again yesterday, the 20th time this year, with great potential for the future. usa is w 

asked the two star witnesses, where is the impeachable event in that call? both stared straight 

brilliant job by my colleagues today on the intel committee. they clearly highlighted the gaping holes in the democrats 

a live look into ambassador taylors testimony in the schiff impeachment proceedings 

b" president theyre using television lawyers. im not surprised to see it, schiff can't ask his own question" 

president gave an update on relations with turkey at the top of his meeting with president erdogan. 

president on the democrat\'s hearing while he was meeting with the leader of turkey: "i would much rather fo 

this was a hearsay hearing. these witnesses have never met president and they were not on the call. 

b" president on today's sham hearing: 

if the ukrainian president was bribed by president he didnt know he was being bribed, he didnt say h 

if house democrats were as committed to helping americans succeed under president as they are to tearing h 

wow! was just told that my sons book, triggered, is number one on the new york times bestseller list. congratulations don! 

after the call - ambassador taylor met with ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky the very next zelensky sa 

mr. kent affirmed ukraine has a long-standing history of corruption. president trump was deeply skeptical of this cor 



moments ago.... 





wow! sooo sad!! shifty schiff cuts off for wanting to enter the actual transcript of the july 25th call betwe 

aid was delayed by just 55 that time, we verified that president zelensky was the real deal. 

great question by no answer given. 

to year 4 of the ongoing impeachment of president your impeachment case 

weve got six people having four conversations in one sentence - and you just told me this is where you got your clear unde 

this was an abject failure for the democrats and for adam schiff. 

thank you it is a time of shame for our country. the democrats know what they are doing is wrong! 

"what i can do here for you today is tell you what i heard from dems\' star witness just said he had no firs 

listen to review the unbelievable amount of hearsay these allegations are based on. spread it far and wide. 

no first-hand never spoke to president never spoke to rudy never spoke to mick mulvan 

days since learned the identity of the whistleblower: 93 

its not about the not about not about finding the truth for the american hou 

watch: democrats ask star witness about alleged quid pro quo. witness admits he has no first-hand knowledge of t 

is the only member of congress who knows the identity of the whistleblower who started this entire sham. 

their star witness knows nothing. 

b" watch: changes the rules in the middle of his hearing. not impea" 

under majority, the hearing room was used to improve the lives of americans with things like 

today, hijacked our hearing room for their political impeachment obsession 

b" schiff has emerged from his bunker to put on a public show. but the facts haven't and zelen" 

meet the star witnesses adam schiff called neither have any firsthand neither spoke to 

if schiff doesn\'t know who the "whistleblower" is -- how can he protect his identity. cover-up! 

schiff isnt even trying to hide it. he is the prosecutor, judge, jury, witness coach lead story teller of this kangaro 

"they\'re trying to stop me, because i\'m fighting for you. and i\'ll never let that happen." president htt 



to chairman schiff: "of the 435 members of congress, you are the only member who knows who the whistleblower is 

watch: "after vowing publicly that impeachment requires bipartisan support, democrats are pushing impeachment 

b" adam schiff just claimed he doesn't know the whistleblower's deliberately mislead the public about his office's" 

fact check: neither ambassador taylor nor george kent have first-hand knowledge of a quid pro quo from the president. 

reminder: the chairman was caught misleading a reporter about communication with the whistleblower, barely four weeks a 

b" this is a sham democrats are refusing access to important the president's legal counsel is not allowe" 

just minutes after president trump took his oath of office on inauguration day 2017, the washington post ran a piece ushe 

today, america will see one party try and overturn the constitutional election of a president of the united states of amer 

4 inconvenient facts for the democrat impeachment call transcript shows zero link between aid and political 

b" sham hearings begin today. make no mistake, democrats have been out to get the presi" 

new hoax. same swamp. 

read the transcript! 

never trumpers! 

....any laws or did anything wrong, and they have to move away from quid pro quo because there was no quid, and the 

...the most powerful tool the legislative branch has, impeachment, theyve turned it into a political cudgel, whi 

nancy pelosi cares more about power than she does about principle. she did not want to go down this road. she real 

the democrats have stacked the deck against president trump and the republicans. they have leaked out everything. 

millions of americans will see what a partisan sham this whole thing is. rush limbaugh also, why 



....to hurt donald trump and we, the people that support him. the left has never accepted the results of the 2016 e 

....this is a phony showtrial. there is zero due process, none. it is yet another fraudulent hoax conspiracy theory 

the circus is coming to town. the corrupt, compromised, coward congenital liar adam schiff show on capital hill, 

this ridiculous impeachment is a travesty, its not an inquiry. just read the transcript. 

daca recipients with arrest records: 53,792! that is a very large proportion of the total. not good, but 

it is an honor to serve our great country and fight for americas workers! 

communities of faith play a vital role in adoption. under president we will stand for the freedom of religion and 

under president unemployment hit its lowest rate in 51 years! blue-collar jobs are leading the way. htt 

president tells "the best is yet to come" 

president gives a shout-out to for her incredible work on 

newt gingrich: "what you have is a coup being orchestrated by left-wingers in the bureaucracy, left-wingers in the news med 

a total impeachment scam by the do nothing democrats! 

many of the people in daca, no longer very young, are far from angels. some are very tough, hardened criminals. p 

economy is booming. seems set to have yet another record day! 

i will be releasing the transcript of the first, and therefore more important, phone call with the ukrainian president before weeks end! 

....ukrainian energy company, and more millions taken from china, and now reports of other companies and countries 

.....no pressure put on him to investigate sleepy joe biden even though, as president, i have an obligation to 

why is such a focus put on 2nd and 3rd hand witnesses, many of whom are never trumpers, or whose lawyers are never 

a great try by we are all proud of you! 

this isnt about ukraine. this isnt about impeachment. this is about subverting democracy! so true, 

....want that to be an impeachable offense? good luck with that! 

the president has until september 30th to give this aid to ukraine. he gets it out on september 11th., 3 weeks bef 

schiff and the dems have created this whole thing, they reverse engineer it. theyve been vowing to impeach for thr 

in order to continue being the most transparent president in history, i will be releasing sometime this week the tr 

just like schiff fabricated my phone call, he will fabricate the transcripts that he is making and releasing! 

schiff is giving republicans no witnesses, no lawyer no due process! it is a totally one sided witch hunt. this c 

read the transcript. it is perfect! 

great new book by "united states of trump" is not stupid, fake "anonymous" crap about wi 

to think i signed the whistleblower protection act! 

president has a proven record of accomplishments for veterans from reforming the va to the lowest veteran u 

as a candidate, made veterans a centerpiece of his presidential campaign. as president, he restored qualit 

where is the whistleblower who gave so much false information? must testify along with schiff and others! 

today, we come together as one nation to salute the veterans of the united states armed forces the greatest warri 

what a night at the season ending congratulations to both on his win and 

on november 11, we share "our nations deepest praise and gratitude to every citizen who has worn the uniform of the americ 

"the first lady and i have come to express the everlasting love and loyalty of 327 million americans." 

today, our nation comes together to salute the veterans of the united states armed forces. 

the chinese say (about trumps trade war tariffs), he brought us to the table. this is the most prosperous eco 

shifty adam schiff will only release doctored transcripts. we havent even seen the documents and are restricted fr 

the lawyer for the whistleblower takes away all credibility from this big impeachment scam! it should be ended and 

so with one rally by me at the end of the campaign, i lift the poll numbers of kentucky governor matt bevin by 19 p 

will be meeting with representatives of the vaping industry, together with medical professionals and individual sta 

happy veterans day! 

while democrats are focused on smearing republicans are focused on confirming more conservative judges 





rep. swalwell claims, for the most part, [witnesses] have not been the most part? what about the 

republicans have requested a list of witnesses for the impeachment hearings (alphabetical bi 

a great new book just out, the plot against the president. the true story of how congressman devin nunes uncovered 

if iran is able to turn over to the u.s. kidnapped former fbi agent robert a. levinson, who has been missing in ira 







just finished reading my son donalds just out new book, triggered. it is really good! he, along with many of us, wa 

b" with president signature on the national pow-mia act, the pow/mia flag will now be flown with the americ" 

the whistleblower all of his supposed sources should testify answer gop questions. schiff blocking this would signa 

if chairman adam schiff and democrats are denying gop impeachment witnesses to prevent a sham process, theyre certai 

the dems arent just ripping our country in half w/this impeachment charade, theyre also willingly setting fire to our a 

is out with a new book, with all due respect this week. make sure you order your copy today, or stop 

the call to the ukrainian president was perfect. read the transcript! there was nothing said that was in any way wr 

theres nothing there! im trying to let the house know that theyre dividing america for no good reason. weve go 

corrupt politician adam schiff wants people from the white house to testify in his and pelosis disgraceful witch h 

we celebrate our heritage and honor the sacrifices of those who fought before us. 

abc is as bad as the rest of them. journalistic standards are nonexistent today. the press is so dishonest that we 

happy 244th birthday to the most powerful fighting force on the planet, the 

watch on epstein: watters world is calling for an independent investigation into abc news... the media wants 

make america great again! 

such an amazing game place! 



concerns, opinions, and hearsay are not evidence 

heres why the justice department must investigate joe bidens quid pro quo 

president trump to kick off nyc 100th veterans day parade 

there is no whistleblower statute that permits an unelected and inferior federal employee to blow the whistle on the pres 

gregg unravels the coordinated, premeditated plot to impeach 

the whistleblowers right to anonymity is a myth 

adam schiff sits on a throne of lies 

gregg jarrett unravels the coordinated, premeditated plot to impeach trump 

a couple people boo president trump at the nationals game in breaking entire stadium cheering fo 

but the witch hunt continues. after 3 years of relentless attacks against the republican party me, the do nothing de 

presidential harassment! 

....whatever happened to the so-called informer to whistleblower seems to have disappeared after i released the 

i recommend that nervous nancy pelosi (who backed up schiffs lie), shifty adam schiff, sleepy joe biden, the whistle 

he is not a whistleblower. he is a deepstater. let the president do the job he was elected to do. 

such great people! 

we know adam schiff coordinated with the whistleblower, then lied about now we have learned another democrat s 

the trump campaign just launched veterans for trump. is delivering for veterans accountabi 

must read op-ed by 

kamala taking a page out of hillarys democrats want to destroy millions of american jobs in the fossil fuel 

if adam schiff blocks these witness from testifying, it will be further proof that this is a partisan political vendetta 

things democrats did this week: sham impeachment they didnt: ratify fund the troops, lower 

great day.. great game .. great reception for and south knows whats what! 

tomorrow night at my new time, 8 pm eastern on fox, my one hour interview with don jr. please dont miss it on life, li 

great! 

thank you andrew. meadow was watching and is so proud of her great father and family! 

thank you terrence! 

schiff said wed hear from the when collusion between the whistleblower schiffs staff was revealed 

welcome to bryant-denny stadium and 

alabama and lsu fans welcome president and first lady melania trump to tuscaloosa, alabama. 

but the fake news will never show this. thank you! 

alabama loves president this is what the fake news media wont show you. 

thank you to lsu and alabama for a great game! 

totally! 

we learn from the press today that chm schiff had prior knowledge and involvement in the wb complaint. he withheld this 

"the person who planted fake evidence shouldn\'t be the one ruling on the admissibility of fake evidence," ratcliffe sai 

smart guy 

gop tx rep ratcliffe to taylor: and to your knowledge, nobody in the ukrainian government was aware of the t 

a terrible lie. how can she do such a thing? 

thank you lee and david! 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

....whatever happened to the so-called informer to whistleblower seems to have disappeared after i released t 

i recommend that nervous nancy pelosi (who backed up schiffs lie), shifty adam schiff, sleepy joe biden, the whist 

presidential harassment! 

but the witch hunt continues. after 3 years of relentless attacks against the republican party me, the do nothing 

bringing the word nationalism back into the mainstream - great job by rich lowry! very important book. 

just finished reading my son donalds just out new book, triggered. it is really good! he, along with many of us, 

as we reflect this week on the horrific 9/11 attack, its important to remember how far weve come in combatting radical 

has started. those were the words of the so-called whistleblowers attorney, two-and-a-half years before the cal 

stu: "as we start the new week, look beneath the headlines, and you\'ll see a full economy that\'s muc 

stu: "voters everywhere have been rejecting costly climate dreams!" ht 

stu: "look what we have now! a growing full rapidly rising record highs! how do y 

stu: "the know they can\'t remove from office but they\'ll go ahead with the process 

we will win big! 

true! 

stu: "the are losing on policy, losing on prosperity, and their socialist front runners are being attacked by thei 

all three major equity indices finished higher and at new all-time highs all while there are $360 billion in tariffs current o 

volker confirmed to me during his interview that in no way, shape or form was there any quid pro quo whatsoever. 

b" vp pence traveled to warsaw to communicate 2 points to zelensky on 9/1 at potus' direction. here taylor agrees w/me that" 

this "evidence" would be thrown out of court so quickly for all of the right reasons. here taylor concedes to me that his 

the dems/media are desperately relying on taylor as their star witness to show there was an impeachable offense of quid p 

the george kent transcript was just released once again theres zero 1st hand info of us $ to ukraine being linked to s 

zeldin to kent: do you have any firsthand knowledge of united states aid to ukraine ever being connected to the opening of 

it appears ambassador yovanovitch did not accurately answer this question i asked her during her impeachment inquiry de 

24 yrs ago today, the jerusalem embassy act became law. it recognized jerusalem as the undivided capital of israel requi 

b" here's rush limbaugh weighing in on some of my deposition exchanges with bill taylor from taylors transcript just releas" 

real cracker jack reporting here. what actually happened in the room is adam schiff made up a new rule that day that noth 

b" a total and complete circus! just petty politicians trying to undo if only the ringl" 

there are probably a myriad of additional reasons that democrats have been focusing on impeachment, but none of them is 

on thursday, 11/7/2019, the president signed into 693, the national pow/mia flag act, which honors service member 

fox news jesse watters: impeachment boring so far, not a sexy scandal, americans dont care about 

tomorrow: i hit the streets for another epic man on the street interview. what does americans know about veterans day? d 

i will be announcing the winners of the and inviting them to the to meet with me and perfor 

good luck vince, this will be great! 



an impactful day in morocco, where we furthered all 3 pillars of women prospering in the workforce women 

fake news is reporting that i am talking to mark burnett about doing a big show, perhaps the apprentice, after the 

thank you! 

b"mark levin blasts adam schiff, claims 'the law is on the president's side' on ukraine 

b" democrats are so obsessed with impeaching president trump that they're doing nothing to fix real problems americans care a" 

nadler says he is only concerned about the appearance of an open mind, admitting this impeachment process is pre-bake 

the whistleblowers lawyer called for a coup almost as soon as president trump took the more reason why we 

republicans only have til saturday to request witnesses for all open decides which witnesses tes 

"democrats want to invest in green global projects. i want to invest in black american communities." - 

"we created 9,000 opportunity zones...8 million african-americans live in opportunity zones, yet every democrat voted aga 

as the black voices for trump coalition launches today in atlanta, remember that with as 1.2 mi 

i will be announcing the winners of the and inviting them to the to meet with me and per 



statement from president donald j. trump 

stock market up big today. a new record. enjoy! 

the radical left dems and lamestream media are just trying to make it hard for republicans and me to win in 2020. t 

the amazon washington post and three lowlife reporters, matt zapotosky, josh dawsey, and carol leonnig, wrote anoth 

thank you! 

it was just explained to me that for next weeks fake hearing (trial) in the house, as they interview never trumpers 

what did hunter biden do for the money? a very good question. he and sleepy joe must testify! 

based on the information released last night about the fake whistleblowers attorney, the impeachment hoax should be 

read the transcript! 

the degenerate washington post made up the story about me asking bill barr to hold a news conference. never happene 

bill barr did not decline my request to talk about ukraine. the story was a fake washington post con job with an a 

just returned to the after a great evening in monroe, louisiana with a massive turnout of great america 

there were two very different events in monroe 

check out the overflow crowd for tonights in monroe, louisiana! early voting is underway! dont forget to get 

....the lamestream media, which is the enemy of the people, is working overtime with made up stories in order to dr 

the story in the amazon washington post, of course picked up by fake news cnn, saying president trump asked for ag 

years ago, when media was legitimate, people known as fact checkers would always call to check and see if a story 

louisiana! early voting is underway until saturday, its time to get out and vote to replace radical liberal democr 

the alabama sga warns groups: protest trump during the lsu game and risk losing your reserved seating. 



a great evening last night in kentucky and mississippi for the republican party with 13 big wins, including a gover 

heres ambassador taylor testifying that ukraine was not aware of a hold on military aid until the end of august, over 

stock markets (all three) hit another all time historic high yesterday! you are sooo lucky to have me as your presid 

thanks to many of you here today, my administration and republicans in congress have now confirmed 157 federal judg 

....also talked about their border with syria, the eradication of terrorism, the ending of hostilities with the kur 

just had a very good call with president of turkey. he informed me that they have captured numerous isis 

just had a meeting with top representatives from egypt, ethiopia, and sudan to help solve their long running disput 

stock markets (all three) hit another all time historic high yesterday! you are sooo lucky to have me as your pre 

thank you to kurt volker, u.s. envoy to ukraine, who said in his congressional testimony, just released, you asked 

based on the things ive seen, the democrats have no case, or a weak case, at best. i dont think there are, or wi 

based on the kentucky results, mitch mcconnell will win big in kentucky next year! 

no one energizes our base like kentucky, the governor was down 17 points. trump helped 

great going tate! 

our big kentucky rally on monday night had a massive impact on all of the races. the increase in governors race was 

a lot of winning in kentucky. check out the numbers. 

congratulations to on winning governor of the great state of mississippi. our big rally on friday night 

won 5 out of 6 elections in kentucky, including 5 great candidates that i spoke for and introduced 

florida county commission cites trump in denying library new york times subscription 

why the heck would we spend money on something like 

b" florida county denies library subscriptions to the new york times because it's 'fake 

b" officials in citrus county, fla., deny public library's request for digital new york times subscription, citing pres. t" 

great going daniel, proud of you! 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

kentucky! out today and vote for and the entire republican ticket! 

thank you so much club 45. you are truly great americans. see you in florida! 

club 45 on nbc today show. showing our strong support for the president! 

kentucky! out today and vote for and the entire republican ticket! out tod 

if you want to defeat the radical left and then get out and vote many strong conservative 

a very good start! please all work hard to get a final deal. 

so sad to see what is happening in new york where governor cuomo mayor deblasio are letting out 900 criminals, s 

find your polling location here! 

this is the time for mexico, with the help of the united states, to wage war on the drug cartels and wipe them off 

....monsters, the united states stands ready, willing able to get involved and do the job quickly and effectively 

a wonderful family and friends from utah got caught between two vicious drug cartels, who were shooting at each oth 

the impeachment hoax has fired up voters in kentucky, mississippi and louisiana. 

fantastic being in the great state of kentucky last night. vote for matt bevin now! one of best governo 

i hope everyone in the great state of virginia will get out and vote on tuesday in all of the local and state election 

virginia has the best unemployment and economic numbers in the history of the state. if the democrats get in, those nu 

great republican geary higgins has my complete and total endorsement for virginia senate, 13th district. he is strong 

louisiana, get out and vote early for as your next governor. lower taxes and car insurance. will protect 

the whistleblower gave false information dealt with corrupt politician schiff. he must be brought forward to testify 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

all-time high for stock market and all the fake news wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax! 

my son, is coming out with a new book, triggered: how the left thrives on hate and wants to silence u 

virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work i brought to you, and with everything planned, go o 

zimmerman presents trump with a customized nationals jersey 

"what an unbelievable honor... this is what you dream about," ryan zimmerman says at the white house, and goes on to thank 

ryan zimmerman presented president with a jersey! 

i love you all. thank you mr. president," washington nationals catcher kurt suzuki says, putting on a make america great again h 

stu: "none of this will change. the drive and the secret hearings will continue, but the contempt the elites hav 

the do nothing dems have gone radical left crazy. the cant get anything done! 

stu: "it\'s crunch time. the angry left has taken over the party, and the socialists have taken over the preside 

stu: "impeachment is all viscous politics. it will fail, and voters won\'t forget." 

stu: "throw in strong and more still to come, and you can see why we have record highs 

virginia, with all of the massive amount of defense and other work i brought to you, and with everything planned, g 

"we support, protect, and defend the stand with the incredible heroes and warriors of law enforcement. 

"so today, we just hit the highest number in the history of the stock market. ... that\'s for everybody. your 401(k)\'s, ho 

"american special forces gave the world\'s number one terrorist a one-way ticket to hell." president trump speaks in l 

"the american people are fed up with democrat lies, hoaxes, slander. the democrats\' outrageous conduct has created an ang 

vote for sean spicer on dancing with the stars. he is a great and very loyal guy who is working very hard! 

my son, is coming out with a new book, triggered: how the left thrives on hate and wants to silenc 

all-time high for stock market and all the fake news wants to talk about is the impeachment hoax! 

read the transcript! 

big rally in kentucky tonight for a man who has worked really hard done a great job, gov kentucky is 

....i dont like him using my name to build his consulting company, or whatever. please advise his clients and admi 

many people say they know me, claiming to be best friends and really close etc., when i dont know these people a 

stock market hits record high. spend your money well! 

there is no whistleblower. there is someone with an agenda against donald trump. what he was blowing the whistle o 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

the whistleblower gave false information dealt with corrupt politician schiff. he must be brought forward to test 

what i said on the phone call with the ukrainian president is perfectly stated. there is no reason to call witnes 

mark levin, a great lawyer and scholar, said last night on his that all you have to do is read the 

great! but how do you know it was a mistweet? may be something with deep meaning! 



dozens of iraqi demonstrators have stormed the iranian consulate in lowering the flag and burning part o 

louisiana, get out and vote early for as your next governor. lower taxes and car insurance. will prot 

the democrats are tearing this country apart. they are wusses, wimps and weasels. they dont have the chutzpah to face do 

check out my interview with on the democrats\' impeachment witch-hunt and their "soviet-style" process to th 

great republican geary higgins has my complete and total endorsement for virginia senate, 13th district. he is stro 

mark levin: we ought to talk about the substance of this phone call. we have the call, i dont know 

morrison testimony backfires on schiff and the radical democrats 

the walking dead: the house democrats who lied to voters in trump districts in 2018 to get elected. 

elizabeth warren would destroy jobs and the middle class. if elected she must be impeached. 

under trump, black unemployment is lowest in history. no doubt, democrats will shout racism. 

rats nest 

obama nsc holdovers the so-called whistleblower and the two schiff staffers must be part of the 2016-related crimina 

student debt is one of the biggest issues facing americans from all states across the united states. yesterday, i 

good point! 

we wont steve! 

"rep. jim jordan on house impeachment inquiry: democrats are making up the rules as they 

b" dems are using impeachment as a political tactic to damage at the ballot box. that's a disgusting abuse" 

dont miss this show! 

false stories are being reported that a few republican senators are saying that president trump may have done a qui 

....should give their own transcripts of the interviews to contrast with schiffs manipulated propaganda. house rep 

if shifty adam schiff, who is a corrupt politician who fraudulently made up what i said on the call, is allowed t 



virginia has the best unemployment and economic numbers in the history of the state. if the democrats get in, those 

i hope everyone in the great state of virginia will get out and vote on tuesday in all of the local and state elect 

the fake news media is working hard so that information about the whistleblowers identity, which may be very bad f 

the democrats are fixers, and they are working overtime to fix the impeachment process in order to hurt the repub 

fake news! 

the angry majority! 

many people listened to my phone call with the ukrainian president while it was being made. i never heard any compl 

....and federal contractor spies stories. the finest law enforcement on the planet could not have shown a roadmap l 

thank you to for the absolutely incredible special report narrated by seldom do the american p 

morrison testifies he saw nothing wrong with the trump call. 

....matt has been a great governor. kentucky (i love you!), please be sure to vote for matt bevin on tuesday. matt 

walking into madison square garden last night with for the big championship fight was a little bit 

great fight champ! 

ufc president dana white has praised trump for backing the ufc early onincluding agreeing to host fights at his venues and 

the whistleblower got it sooo wrong that he must come forward. the fake news media knows who he is but, being an ar 

....putting these massive, and many, fires out. great firefighters! also, open up the ridiculously closed water lan 

..every year, as the fires rage california burns, it is the same thing-and then he comes to the federal governme 

the governor of california, has done a terrible job of forest management. i told him from the first d 



pres. trump arrives at madison square garden to a positive reaction from the crowd ahead of 

at - chanting donald trump, donald trump... usa usa 

despite the bullshit from blue checkmark twitter, when we walked into the arena it was overwhelmingly positive. 

a great new book by howie carr, what really happened, how donald j. trump saved america from hillary clinton, is on 

tate reeves will be a great governor of mississippi, and what an electric rally last night. vote for tate on tuesday! 

big rally in kentucky on monday night for a man who has worked really hard done a great job, governor ke 

louisiana has a chance to have a really great governor in auto insurance costs and taxes will be coming 

the whistleblower has disappeared. where is the whistleblower? 

under president weve cut taxes, rolled back red tape, unleashed american energy and forged free, fair and recipr 

schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. he is a corrupt politician! 

didnt he pick the whistleblower? 

when you look at what democrats in congress have accomplished compared to president in just the past 2 wee 

there is serious work to get done on behalf of this countryand congressional democrats are blatantly ignoring it. 

while democrats go on with their impeachment sham, president will continue working for the american people 

have been holding a closed-door investigation in facing intense fl 

b" the left's impeachment sham sure hasn't slowed president down this week. more: 

a giant scam! 

someone feeling a bit left out? 

president trump on the mission that killed isis leader abu bakr special operators executed a mast 

b" you can call trump a bully, racist, xenophobe, liar, islamophobe, fascist, or even a cheeto. of it's t" 

nancy adam: we will worry about your ridiculous fake impeachment bs when one of your full-time candidates can fill a stad 

keep on rolling. 

the democrats are pushing the impeachment hoax because they know the president is going to get re-elected in 2020. so 

same story, different day for dems. wanted to impeach from day they tried to use the 

schiff will change the transcripts just like he fraudulently made up the phone call. he is a corrupt politician! 

the whistleblower has disappeared. where is the whistleblower? 

big rally in kentucky on monday night for a man who has worked really hard done a great job, governor 

louisiana has a chance to have a really great governor in auto insurance costs and taxes will be com 

tate reeves will be a great governor of mississippi, and what an electric rally last night. vote for tate on tuesda 

a great new book by howie carr, what really happened, how donald j. trump saved america from hillary clinton, is 

if you want to send a message to the do nothing democrats that kentucky and america support president 

"while we\'re creating jobs and killing terrorists, the democrat party has gone completely insane." - president 

b" one reason why the 'quid pro quo' narrative is a fairy only were ukraine officials unaware aid was even bein" 

speaker pelosi said earlier this congress that any impeachment effort would need to be done on a bipartisan 

debunking radical dems. on former wh official, tim morrisons testimony vindicating 

strong show of unity among republicans today. % voted against impeachment sham. 

the greatest witch hunt in american history! 

this week interagency task force to combat met and announced investments totaling $75m in the p 

the whistleblower must come forward to explain why his account of the phone call with the ukrainian president was s 

you cant impeach someone who hasnt done anything wrong! 

oh no, beto just dropped out of race for president despite him saying he was born for this. i dont think so! 

republicans have never been more unified than they are right now! the dems are a mess under the corrupt leadership 

.....with a president and federal government that wants our wonerful city and state to flourish and thrive. i love new york! 

....our great police are being disrespected, even with water dumped on them, because a mayor and governor just don 

....in new york, and another reason they are leaving. taxes and energy costs are way too high, upstate is being all 

i love new york, but new york can never be great again under the current leadership of governor andrew cuomo (the b 

stock market up big! record highs for 500 and nasdaq. enjoy! 

....our republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to creat 

louisiana! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cit 

the public is watching and seeing for themselves how unfair this process is. corrupt pol 

adam schiff has taken all of the power for himself. that is very unfair. there were dozens of people on this call, 

isis has a new leader. we know exactly who he is! 

the democrats need more than this. much more! 

the democrats are so immersed in this (scam). they couldnt care less about the american people! 

wow, a blowout jobs number just out, adjusted for revisions and the general motors strike, 303,000. this is far gre 

chicago will never stop its crime wave with the current superintendent of police. it just wont happen! thank you t 

this is the biggest, most disgusting scandal, and its all on the democrat party that has highjacked the impeachm 

it has been 3 years and donald trump hasnt done anything wrong. donald trump hasnt done a single thing of which 

thanks lee! 

b" new: tim morrison said he didn't think the president broke the law on his call with zelensky, and that he didn't think th" 

but the crooked democrats dont want people to know this! thank you to tim morrison for your honesty. 

a great place! 

thank you! 

....this decision, but in the end it will be best for all concerned. as president, i will always be there to help n 

....new york, and always will, but unfortunately, despite the fact that i pay millions of dollars in city, state an 

1600 pennsylvania avenue, the white house, is the place i have come to love and will stay for, hopefully, another 5 

the dems days of bullying the american people are over they will not disenfranchise the voters in 2020 with a sham impe 

b" headline november 11, 2020: exit polls link loss of more than two dozen 'moderate' dem seats to schiff's impeachment re" 

the home of nancy pelosi. i cant believe her voters can be happy with the job she and the do nothing democrats are 

heroin addict drags nypd cop with his car and wins $11 million in court via 

while the do nothing democrats fail the american people, and continue the impeachment scam, my administration will 

surrounded by enemies and spies catching and perverting every word that falls from my lips or flows from my pen, and inv 

just voted no on the impeachment inquiry ensure minority subpoena power or release of transcripts. d 

b" democrats don't care about the facts or passing legislation. they only care about impeaching the president less than 13 m" 

b" democrats keep trying to tell you they're *reluctantly* pursuing since took of" 

washington democrats made every effort to take down this president with a fake russian collusion 

the worst part about their sham impeachment is all the things that are not getting government is not funded our 

today, will continue an impeachment inquisition that is nothing more than an illegitimate witch-hunt. the 

b" after weeks of adam schiff's secret hearings selective leaks, the do-nothing-dems are trying to legitimize the unfair in" 

breaking 100% of republicans just voted against this sham impeachment. two democrats joined pelosi and chairm 

voted against impeachment resolution. voted for constitution and america. the fight goes on. god bless america! 

todays vote on the impeachment resolution is a continuation of the farce that speaker pelosi and chairman schiff are trying 

fact: pelosis inquiry is officially the first presidential impeachment inquiry in modern history authorized by members 

b" breaking: dems are voting to continue their soviet-style impeachment not interested in due 

trick-or-treat 

the greatest witch hunt in american history! 

the impeachment hoax is hurting our stock market. the do nothing democrats dont care! 

....our manufacturers. we should have lower interest rates than germany, japan and all others. we are now, by far, 

people are very disappointed in jay powell and the federal reserve. the fed has called it wrong from the beginning, 

read the transcript! 

china and the usa are working on selecting a new site for signing of phase one of trade agreement, about 60% of tot 

the reality is that political ads are usually arguably true and arguably false. so who gets to decide whats true and whats 

congratulations to you left in the dust (thats because the dont tell the truth!). 

congratulations show in cable news saturday 18-49 25-54 1.8m tuned in to the "king 

b" joe biden repeatedly asked agencies to do what son's clients wanted 

b" the headliner: responds to joe biden and beto o'rourke's criticism of president trump taking credit for" 

there was a time when msm would have gone into a feeding frenzy against a congressman who stopped the other party from as 

watch: joe biden is the wrongest person on earth to be talking about al-baghdadis raid. hes the man who opposed the raid a 

thank you matt. 

.....to any president, of either party, again. laura 

...never be allowed to roll into a winter showtrial. indeed, allowing a long, drawn out trial in the senate would m 

.....the dems have selectively leaked. nor was there any corrupt intent on the part of the president. remember, the 

now is the time for republicans to stand together and defend the leader of their party against these smears. it wo 

congratulations to the washington nationals on a great season and an incredible world series. game 7 was amazing! 

thank you daily wire. very cute recreation, but the live version of conan will be leaving the middle east for the 

the do nothing democrats have gone crazy. very bad for usa! 



"the democrats have been on this path for 3 years. the first headline i saw...before the president was sworn in was 

thank you 

adam schiffs drive to impeach trump based on opinions, deception and illusions not facts 

we will be having a big rally for governor on monday night in kentucky. get your tickets today! 

....your current governor, john bel edwards, has done a poor job with economic development (last in nation) and aut 

early voting in louisiana for a man who will be a great governor, on saturday, november 2nd. he will 

american hero! 

thank you and for standing with us for better, cheaper, safer cars f 

...our military, 2nd amendment, energy, and so many other things that the democrats dont care about. please stop t 

my friend mike of the great state of alaska, is being treated very unfairly by the democrats because h 

....the united states military. congress needs to do its work. we need to fund our armed forces. mi 

our country cannot afford for the democrats in congress to take a one year vacation from any productive legislatio 

precisely the same program that the democrats are trying to impeach president trump for supposedly slow walking, 

yesterdays never trumper witness could find no quid pro quo in the transcript of the phone call. there were many p 

a federal judge is allowing the nick sandman libel suit to move forward against the thoroughly disgusting washingto 

it does appear it has to do with nancy pelosi retaining her speakership in the next congress. she would like that 

the greatest economy in american history! 

nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party. our polls show that it is going to 

just confirmed that abu bakr al-baghdadis number one replacement has been terminated by american troops. most likely 

95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. thank you! 

.....the call with the ukrainian president was a totally appropriate one. as he said, no pressure. this impeachme 

republicans are very unified and energized in our fight on the impeachment hoax with the do nothing democrats, and 

democrats go 4+ weeks with a secretive, free for all, no rules impeachment processand now try to save face with a shor 

days since learned the identity of the whistleblower: 78 

must-read: "gaetz: \'donald trump is innocent, and the deep state is 

adam schiff wants to impeach for not going along with the impeachment inquiry that even democrats ha 

after seven weeks of running a communist-style, ultra-partisan effort to undo the 2016 election results under the disguis 

now pelosi schiff want to pretend they are being transparentafter they corrupted tainted the process for weeks in s 

b" nancy pelosi's impeachment resolution further restricts the participation of duly elected members of congress from their part" 

once again, proves that democrats have no intention of giving a fair shake in this "im 

dems impeachment oversight and foreign affairs out of public to give su 

this resolution is a bogus attempt to legitimize an impeachment effort that doesnt offer real fairness, due process, 

this impeachment resolution just introduced is fatally flawed. just another awful misstep by house dems running a circus, 

god bless the incredible men and women who serve our country. god bless america. justice served! 

nervous nancy pelosi is doing everything possible to destroy the republican party. our polls show that it is going 

over in europe and japan they have negative rates. they get paid to borrow money. dont we have to follow our comp 

consumer confidence number very good. housing sales in september up nicely. economy rocks! 

a great new book just out, the plot against the president. the true story of how congressman devin nunez uncovered 

just confirmed that abu bakr al-baghdadis number one replacement has been terminated by american troops. most like 

95% approval rating in the republican party, a record. thank you! 

supposedly, according to the corrupt media, the ukraine call concerned todays never trumper witness. was he on t 

on inauguration day 2017, team trump has zero idea how many career staff working inside the adminwh, state, ic, other a 

when the left loses power, their answer is always to limit speech. never works. 

how many more never trumpers will be allowed to testify about a perfectly appropriate phone call when all anyone ha 

the do nothing democrats are working hard to make everyone forget the best economy ever, the monumental weekend rai 

wheres the whistleblower? just read the transcript, everything else is made up garbage by shifty schiff and the never trumpers! 

while democrats continue to leak false narratives, heres what the actual witness interviews would show you: no aid 

democrats have undermined the fairness of this unauthorized impeachment inquisition of with the 

recognizing officer of the year finalists for their heroism and commitment to keeping our communities s 

the ship has already sailed on having a fair and transparent process. poisoned the well on day 

b" house democrats now suddenly saying they'll vote on an impeachment resolution to ensure transparency is richconsider" 

schiff-style impeachment: dems hide testimony behind secure doors leak info vital to their false narrative, driving the 

b" speaker pelosi's announcement today acknowledges adam schiffs free-wheeling impeachment inquiry is devoid of rules and l" 

a live look at house democrats trying to impeach president first russia, then obstruction, now ukraine. de 

a vote now is a bit like un-ringing a bell as house democrats have selectively leaked information in order to damage p 

pelosi let schiff hold secret hearings and leak misleading info to attack for weeks. she wants a v 

weve just learned house democrats are moving the public impeachment hearings to the intelligence committee taking it 

thank you, for finally acknowledging the fact that you attempted to deceive the american people into th 

im happy that house democrats finally decided to hold a vote to open up a formal impeachment inquisition of 

democrats counter that republicans are complaining about process because they cant address the substance. but process 

mark is 100% spot on here. ukraine didnt even know there was a hold on aid until just before it was released. schiff may 

pelosi now says there will be a vote thu to authorize their impeachment inquiry. this should include minority subpoena ri 

schiffs not a magician. taylors 2nd, 3rd 4th hand claims dont become 1st hand just bc this slippery fella says so. a 

a great book by a great guy. get it now! 

congratulations to on his new book the plot against the president 

"the plot against the president: the true story of how congressman devin nunes uncovered the biggest political scandal in 

correct, a total scam! 

pelosi announces theyll finally vote to open the impeachment a sham process halfway through doesnt ma 

b" dems plan to cut even more house members out of their ridiculous, unfair, and biased impeachment schiff's" 

why are people that i never even heard of testifying about the call. just read the call transcript and the impeachm 

trump just called them out on it and hes getting practically standing ovations for it, in chicago. hes standing up for t 

nationwide injunctions undermine our entire immigration system. it is not job of judges to impose th 

the only crimes in the impeachment hoax were committed by shifty adam schiff, when he totally made up my phone convers 

the swamp boos trump, while middle america cheers 

the idea that politicians need to be briefed on a military operation while young men are risking their lives is ri 

pres denounces attacks on police officers. an attack on law enforcement is an attack on all americans," says and 

b" speech to iacp is one of the most pro america, pro law enforcement platforms i've ever heard from a p" 

this is a big win for america, and also for president trump. 

the only crimes in the impeachment hoax were committed by shifty adam schiff, when he totally made up my phone conv 

there is no underlying crime in that transcript. 100% correct, and the whistleblower disappeared 

americans know by now that the impeachment inquiry is just another hoax and silent coup to remove the president fr 

can you believe that shifty adam schiff, the biggest leaker in d.c., and a corrupt politician, is upset that we did 

its been 34 days since nancy pelosi unilaterally declared her impeachment backtracking is an admission t 

lisa page lied to the doj about her edits to the flynn didn\'t recall whether she 

the list: 8 ways the mueller witchhunt and lying schiffs sham impeachment are identical, corrupt and unconstitutional 

crooked impeachment witness bill taylor led ukraine delegation for group advised by hunter biden. taylor also initiated 

why i am a trump 

so nice, thank you! 

b" no quid pro no agree that it's time for cha" 

we have declassified a picture of the wonderful dog (name not declassified) that did such a great job in capturing 

an amazing champion. great going tiger! 

thank you 



president proved to the world last night that our fight against isis is unrelenting. 

the just hit an all time high. this is a big win for jobs, 401-ks, and, frankly, everyone! our country is doin 

thank you to and for a job well done! 

b" last night, the united states brought the world's number one terrorist leader to justice. president address" 

thank you to the service members, military leaders, and agency officials who were critical to the success of this mission. 





as diwali commences, melania and i wish those observing the festival of lights a blessed and happy celebrat 

something very big has just happened! 

....matt has my complete and total endorsement, and always has. get out and vote on november 5th for your great governor, 

governor has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky! he continues to protect your very importan 

....he loves our military and supports our vets! democrat jim hood will never give us his vote, is anti-trump and p 

mississippi! there is a very important election for governor on november 5th. i need you to get out and vote for ou 

....our republican candidate is a successful conservative businessman who will stand with me to creat 

louisiana! extreme democrat john bel edwards has sided with nancy pelosi and chuck schumer to support sanctuary cit 

wheres the whistleblower? 

the fake washington post keeps doing phony stories, with zero sources, that i am concerned with the impeachment sca 

my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis. join with us by disposing unused or expired prescripti 

.... 

....greatly help the african american community (and all other communities), and which was unable to get done in pa 

badly failing presidential candidate will not go to a very wonderful largely african american event t 

the ukraine investigation is just as corrupt and fake as all of the other garbage that went on before it. even shif 

....we should all work together to clean up these hazardous waste and homeless sites before the whole city rots awa 

i cant believe that nancy pelosis district in san francisco is in such horrible shape that the city itself is in 

not a single american citizen has been charged with anything related to russian collusion, not one person. 

had a beautiful dinner last night at camp david in celebration of the 10th wedding anniversary of ivanka and jared. 

democrats just announced that they no longer want the whistleblower to testify. but everything was about the whistlebl 

....the entire impeachment scam was based on my perfect ukrainian call, and the whistleblowers account of that call, w 

nyt report: doj opening a criminal investigation into the spreading of the russian collusion true, this 

...thank you hopefully this is just the beginning of a massive story of injustice and treason. you 

..the president when flynn had been cleared of everything long before that. the doj is withholding a lot of evidenc 

....they exonerated him completely of being an agent of russia (recently crooked hillary charged tulsi gabbard ji 

general michael flynns attorney is demanding that charges be immediately dropped after they found that fbi agents 

my administration is fighting hard to end the opioid crisis. join with us by disposing unused or expired prescripti 





b" potus is a champion for america's once-forgotten communities, and his historic criminal justice reforms are building opportun" 

to tim: the button on the iphone was far better than the swipe! 

what is adam schiff hiding, and why is he afraid to show the american public? 

i appreciate the support of senator mitch mcconnell, and their great senate republican c 

b" first we learn that durham's probe is now a criminal we hear that the fbi may have altered the 302s fro" 

it was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 second step presidential justice forum hosted by the 



a new poll shows evangelical support for president growing in spite of democrat impeachment farce! il 

great book! 

wow! 

my appearance on hannity last 

my lawyers should sue the democrats and shifty adam schiff for fraud! 

....the entire impeachment scam was based on my perfect ukrainian call, and the whistleblowers account of that call 

democrats just announced that they no longer want the whistleblower to testify. but everything was about the whistl 

to tim: the button on the iphone was far better than the swipe! 

....in the basement of the united states capitol! they cannot win at the ballot box. their sham for the past 3 year 

i appreciate the support of senator mitch mcconnell, and their great senate republica 

new interview w/ criminal leaking corroborated 

since president signed the first step act into law, 10 states have passed legislation to advance criminal 

last year, president signed the first step act into lawthe most significant criminal justice reform in ma 

president "the best is yet to come" for the african american community 

members of the executive committee just unanimously passed a resolution of support for the graha 

president just accepted the 2019 bipartisan justice award for his leadership in the passage of the histori 

president "we are acting, not talking." 

president "under this administration, the great betrayal of the american worker is over." 

president african american youth unemployment recently reached the lowest level ever 

tanisha bannister: i want to thank for giving me another lease on life 

watch give remarks at hbcu - benedict college accepting an award for his leadership on criminal 

president "my goal has been to give a voice to the voiceless." 

president "the first step act proved that we can achieve amazing breakthroughs when we come together as a 

house democrats continue to take unprecedented steps in their closed-door impeachment is rig 

it was my great honor to deliver the keynote address at the 2019 second step presidential justice forum hosted by t 

thank you 

today is receiving the bipartisan justice award for his historic work on criminal justice the sa 

heading to south carolina! 

b" breaking poll: 52% say impeachment is political stunt by democrats - 59% say it's a waste of time 

donald j. trump is an absolutely historic president already, in less than 3 years in office. his record is there f 

....coming home! we were supposed to be there for 30 days - that was 10 years ago. when these pundit fools who have 

....usa has gained trillions of dollars in wealth since november 2016. all others way down. our power is economic b 

turkey fully understands not to fire on the kurds as they leave what will be known as the safe zone for other fairl 

so congressman tim ryan of ohio has finally dropped out of the race for president, registering zero in the polls 

another big dropout of the presidential race was, along with 0% tim ryan, 0% such talk and bravado fr 

b" this impeachment inquiry has produced nothing to impeach potus for (i've been inside every depo thus far). while dems run" 

democrats have no concern for the rules. violates house rules and her majority gives her a free 

the only reason adam schiff is conducting these unclassified interviews in a scif is to allow democrats to control the narrat 

democrats are trying to use the natural advantage they have with the mainstream media to have secret interviews and selec 

democrats: searching for any possible reason to impeach undo the results of the 2016 election - doing 

where is the whistleblower, and why did he or she write such a fictitious and incorrect account of my phone call wi 

52% majority says impeachment is political to stop reelection only 36% legal 47%-33% say shudnt coop 

nancy pelosi and her do-nothing democrats have approved more subpoenas to investigate president trump than they have written 

i really enjoyed my conversation with general he appreciates what we have done, and i appreciate what 

the oil fields discussed in my speech on turkey/kurds yesterday were held by isis until the united states took them 

thank you to house republicans for being tough, smart, and understanding in detail the greatest witch hunt in ameri 

the federal reserve is derelict in its duties if it doesnt lower the rate and even, ideally, stimulate. take a loo 

dont hurt them please! 

it is the only thing the do nothing dems are doing! 

just a continuation of the witch hunt! 

b" chairman schiff interestingly reversed course on having the 'whistleblower' testify *after* it was revealed that his of" 

if people scatter out of a room when you walk in turn on the light, it begs the question: what are they hiding in there 

(kiddingly) were building a wall in colorado(then stated, were not building a wall in kansas but they get the b 

of wisconsins 72 counties, 23 switched from voting for obama in 2012 to trump in 2016 

promises made, promises kept! 

it was wonderful to be back in pittsburgh, pennsylvania with the incredible patriots who fuel our factories, light 

it would be really great if the people within the trump administration, all well-meaning and good (i hope!), could 

....does anybody think this is fair? even though there was no quid pro quo, im sure they would like to try. worse than the dems! 

never trumper republican john bellinger, represents never trumper diplomat bill taylor (who i dont know), in testi 

435 members of the one knows who the whistleblower is and who their sources are: 

b" democrats are trying to deny republican members of congress access to schiff's secret impeachment proceedings. what are t" 

stepping out of schiffs dungeon for a quick and the thousands of constituents they represent have a 

the never trumper republicans, though on respirators with not many left, are in certain ways worse and more dangero 

its simple. the american people deserve transparency, yet house democrats continue to ram through their impeachment investig 

why don\'t we know who the whistleblower why is this so-called "inquiry" being ran secretly in the ba 

"eight long years after president obama\'s ill-fated push at regime change, u.s. troops are still on the ground in syria. mo 

president just announced a major breakthrough toward achieving a better future for syria and the middle ea 

thank you general mazloum for your kind words and courage. please extend my warmest regards to the kurdish people. 

i just spoke with president trump and explained to him the turkish violations of the truce that would not 

we thank president trump for his tireless efforts that stopped the brutal turkish attack and jihadist grou 



wheres the whistleblower? 

big success on the turkey/syria border. safe zone created! ceasefire has held and combat missions have ended. kurds 

....feel empowered. theres a movement happening on these campuses like ive never seen before. when you have 3000 

....order a couple of months ago saying that any school that does not uphold the first amendment rights of its stud 

young campus conservatives are flocking to turning point usa other conservative speaker events all over the count 

i still have a lot more questions about and his dealings in and my video on 

this is not a constitutional process but an unprecedented attack on a 

republicans are going to fight harder than ever to win back the house because of what the do nothing democrats have done to our country! 

neither he (taylor) or any other witness has provided testimony that the ukrainians were aware that military aid wa 

myth: democrats arent impeaching because of politics. this is about democrats introdu 

the only value hunter biden brought to the table was access to his father, then-vp joe and the media d 

the movement has built is unlike anything we have ever of thousands came to dallas to show 

since day one, the left has been on a mission to dispute, deny, and re-litigate the results of the 2016 are 

b" remember when democrats called the extra money in americans' wallets thanks to president economic polici" 

i would like the attorney general to find out whats going on. were investigating corruption. i have an 

it never ends. the do nothing dems are terrible! 

love these libs melting down because keeps surviving - maybe its because people are actually voting for him! hes 

the economy is booming, a fantastic trade deal is waiting for a vote, yet dc democrats are only focused on their ridicul 

democrats think impeachment is their only hope for will never beat on policy or merit and they 

our movement is a movement unlike anything our country has video from captures just some of the excitement f 

president has raised more money than any former president at this point in a campaign! 

thank you steve! 

adam schiffs phony narrative has been obliterated by testimony given to the is nothing from anything t 

the democrats scam goes on and on! they do nothing! 

the witch hunt continues! 

the do nothing dems have nothing but time! 



visiting the air capital of the world with to meet hardworking students in programs training them to succeed in 

wrong, never even discussed this with kellyanne conway or steve mnuchin. just more fake news! 

good news seems to be happening with respect to turkey, syria and the middle east. further reports to come later! 

youre doing an incredible job, says to and during todays tune in t 

fall is here! come enjoy the beautiful white house garden tours this weekend! thank you to the for taking 

great job tim! 

empowering half the worlds population to flourish in the market economy is the best way to boost growth. 

pelosi co. refuse to bring their inquiry to a vote because they have no serious interest in searching out truth and justi 

results that speak for themselves: wage gains under president have eclipsed growth under the past two admi 

"we can lower drug prices for seniors, workers, and families to help th 

immigration hardliners fight for cuccinelli to be next dhs secretary : npr 

the democrats are trying to draw out this inquiry because they dont have the support. donald trump is guilty only 

cant believe that nervous nancy pelosi isnt moving faster on usmca. her people want it, they dont know why she i 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

thank you republicans. 185 out of 185 present voted for us last night. really good! 

so some day, if a democrat becomes president and the republicans win the house, even by a tiny margin, they can imp 

i want to know about hillary clinton with the dossier? i want to know if there was fisa abuse? we 

...a majority do not want him impeached and removed from office. 94% of the people in these battleground states who 

i thought a very revealing poll was done by the new york times. by about a 10 point margin, those in battleground 

the ambassador to the european union has already testified, he said there was no quid pro quo. he said the preside 

congratulations to on a wonderful and hard fought victory. canada is well served. i look forward to 

its been 1 year since president announced the new us-mexico-canada trade agreement. usmca will be a w 

as a cosponsor of the resolution to censure rep. adam schiff, i was disappointed nancy pelosi did not even allow a vote o 

it is disappointing that house democrats blocked a vote to condemn and censure chairman adam schiff for lying to the amer 

tonight, i joined in voting to censure rep. adam schiff. course, democrats 

b" lawmaker leading charge to censure adam schiff says he's engineering 'total political hit jo on trump 

condemn shifty schiff. on house republicans voting to censure adam schiff. 

adam schiff has eliminated the access republican hpsci members have has locked down depositions in a manner that is 

realdonaldtrump " americanewsroom: the headliner: jim_jordan comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as re 

after almost two months of making a huge deal about the testimony that would actually 

on monday, i, along with the vast majority of my colleagues, will press forward with my motion to censure ada 

adam schiff goes for a physical. 

b" dems claim their scheme to impeach is the all done in led by proven-l" 

adam schiff tries to take a nap. 

the resolution to failed on the floor guess democrats are okay with adam spreading 

adam schiff may not have been held accountable tonight, but the american people are very much aware of his reckless dis 

thank you liz. shows great republican support! 

nancy pelosi and adam schiff have both become embarrassingly dishonest. they, along with the rest of the house democrats, 

the headliner: comments on the latest in the impeachment inquiry as republicans prepare to file a motion t 

b" coming up: i'm joining on to discuss tonight's vote on my motion to condemn and censur" 

i am proud to stand with my colleagues to demand transparency during this "impeachment inquiry." rep. schiff has demonstrate 

adam schiff must be held accountable for his republicans will move to censure condemn him for deliberate 

thank you dan and kevin. great vote! 

will be interviewed by tonight at 9:00 p.m. on enjoy! 

doral in miami would have been the best place to hold the g-7, and free, but too much heat from the do nothing radi 

censure (at least) corrupt adam schiff! after what he got caught doing, any pol who does not so vote cannot be hone 

great new book by wonderful and very street smart author dan bongino, exonerated, the failed takedown of president 







a great democrat scam! 

adam schiff is a corrupt politician! 

is the most crucial statistic of the 2020 election: american middle class household income: 

congratulations barbara! 

since the election of president trump, the u.s. has added 6.4 million jobs, including 500,000 in the sect 

this action by the commerce department sends another clear message to the cuban regime that they must immediately ceas 

it is only about this! 

republicans in the congress should be asked: why have you allowed the state department to become an arm of the democrat 

to the democrats, impeachment is partisan politics dressed up as principle. 

so interesting that, when i announced trump national doral in miami would be used for the hosting of the g-7, and t 

....fiction to congress and the american people? i demand his deposition. he is a fraud, just like the russia hoax 

....because their so-called story didnt come even close to matching up with the exact transcript of the phone call 

this scam going on right now by the democrats against the republican party, and me, was all about a perfect phone c 

pelosi is now leading a delegation of 9, including corrupt adam schiff, to jordan to check out syria. she should fi 





the ceasefire is holding up very nicely. there are some minor skirmishes that have ended quickly. new areas being 

the wall is making a very big difference. even dems in area are happy! 

promises made, promises 

thru partnership w/ $2.6 billion will be mobilized for women entrepreneurs in 26 developing cou 





is putting america first! 

so now crooked hillary is at it again! she is calling congresswoman tulsi gabbard a russian favorite, and jill st 

never give up. we are doing great! we are winning! 

....therefore, based on both media democrat crazed and irrational hostility, we will no longer consider trump nat 



.....its own 50 to 70 unit building. would set up better than other alternatives. i announced that i would be willi 

i thought i was doing something very good for our country by using trump national doral, in miami, for hosting the 

b" media ignoring bidens' ukraine dealings to protect ex-vp, corey lewandowski alleges | fox news 

the president never told me to withhold any money until the ukrainians did anything related to the server. the onl 

will these parties that disregarded the laws and statutes that protect americans be held to justice? 

see you there! 

on their farms, when something needs to get done, our dairy farmers dont hem and haw, they dont drag their feet and they d 



crooked hillary clinton just called the respected environmentalist and green party candidate, jill stein, a russia 

b" we've seen a huge spike in enthusiasm since democrats like elissa slotkin and haley stevens backed pelosi's bogus impeac" 

amidst the political noise, its important to ask yourself: "if congress wasnt so focused on impeachment, what else co 

while dems in congress have been trying to overturn the will of the american people by reversing election day 2016, our admin will 

it is only about this! 

ahhhh good times. happy third anniversary to one of the great comebacks of all time. 

just another fake suppression poll, this time from of course! 

b" new: us state dept. has completed its internal investigation into former sec. clinton's use of private email and found violati" 

b" it's no surprise that far-left democrats like alexandria ocasio-cortez and illhan omar support senator bernie sanders for presiden" 

ive sat through every interview so far of this so called impeachment inquiry the president hasnt done anything to p 

thank you tom. great interview on 

a great book by kimberley strassel! 

b" here is a long and rather revealing interview i did at the foundation's podcast! a" 

no more voter fraud: president announces 1.59 million ineligible voters to be removed from cal 

nancy pelosi only cares about her witch hunt, not working for the american time for pelosi to put the 

everything is bigger in texas even a rally! awesome 

"there is a reason president enjoys over 90% approval among republicans: he is doing exactly what he sa 

our country is once again living by two simple rules: buy american and hire american. the economy is booming. our peopl 

the radical democrats want to destroy america as we know it. wont let that happen! 

once again, the mainstream media keeps moving the goalposts to attack breakdown of the me 

the people of this country know what the dems are doing. theyre tired of it. - 

latinos across america are fired up to reelect alrededor de los estados unidos estn motivados 

has been in office for 3 years. he has sustained an energy and a momentum that we have never seen, and his sup 

i dont see anything that constitutes an impeachable offense - nothing here rises to the level of impeachment. the 

free beacon reminds us of lefty double standard between brewer, pelosi finger wags 

the obama administration asked ukraine to investigate trump when he was a private were the msm attacks th 

obama foreign syria cross his red failed russian billion in cash to our en 

the democrats are trying to conduct their impeachment inquiry in see about that . . . 

democrat anger has grown so irrational that it has burst through the constitutional guardrails which protect our institut 

shouldnt these stories contain the obligatory phrase without evidence, as the so often do when its trump making the accus 

thank you very much. working hard! 

i agree! 

texas is great! 

coup update. 

huge: hundreds of security violations tied to clinton emails; crime?-deep state enemies list targets family 

coup update 

there has never been a greater fraud on congress. shifty schiff is corrupt. go andy! 

is now scheduling 2 witnesses a day and plans to conduct those depositions simultaneously. how can members 

such a disgrace that the do nothing democrats are doing just as their name suggests, doing nothing! usmca anyone? 



one pro-trump demonstrator just began hounding over the impeachment inquiry: 

feeling bad for this intern... 

heres the scene outside of speaker pelosis office: 

today is the day we some may be trying to sabotage our efforts, we will not be deterred. wil 

tomorrow women for america first will be marching around d.c. roaming the halls of the capitol trying to find pelosi, s 

susan rice, who was a disaster to president obama as national security advisor, is now telling us her opinion on wh 

pelosi and impeachment - there have already been 3 votes, and theyve all failed miserably. heres why there may no 

congressman michael mccaul, schiffs inquiry defies democracy. 

because the house has already voted against the impeachment proceeding, the current inquiry is totally invalid. th 

corrupt congressman adam schiff is angry that ambassadors that he thought would be good for his fraudulent witch hu 

republicans must stick together and fight! 



think of how many lives we saved in syria and turkey by getting a ceasefire yesterday. thousands and thousands, and maybe many more! 



....he is also my friend! at the same time, i am pleased to nominate deputy secretary dan brouillette to be the new 

i want to thank secretary of energy rick perry for the outstanding job he has done. he will be leaving at the end o 

can you believe i am doing this important work for our country, and have to deal with corrupt adam schiff and the d 

defeat terrorism! 

....i have just been notified that some european nations are now willing, for the first time, to take the isis figh 

.....this thinking years ago. instead, it was always held together with very weak bandaids, in an artificial mann 

just spoke to president of turkey. he told me there was minor sniper and mortar fire that was quickly el 

potus discovers a bag 

the trump ribbon cutting. louis vuitton...cost me a lot of money over the years said the president. 

the usa! 

so here i am at the factory with the lv cattle in the lv fields in johnson county, texas for the potus ribbo 

is one of more than 350 companies delivering on the pledge to americas workers. thank you for investing in th 



democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant cor 

tonight, we forcefully condemn the blatant corruption of the democrat party, the fake news media, and the rogue bur 

the radical left tolerates no dissent, it permits no opposition, it accepts no compromise, and it has absolutely no 

thank you dallas, texas - i love you! 

just arrived at the american airlines center in dallas, texas. will be out shortly as we wait for more of you to ge 

see you soon dallas, texas! 

dallas, texas crowd is getting ready for with a little ymca 

this is a great day for civilization. i am proud of the united states for sticking by me in following a necessary, 

this deal could never have been made 3 days ago. there needed to be some tough love in order to get it done. grea 

great news out of turkey. news conference shortly with and thank you to millions of lives will be saved! 

this number, based on the economy how well our country is doing, would potentially be 75% if not for the fake new 

house democrats are engaged in soviet style tactics in their effort to attack true, 

voters are rejecting the dems baseless obstruction socialist agenda, and theyre making their voices heard loud clear. su 

as the witch hunt continues! 

the greatest witch hunt in american history! 

years of bad government, such a sorry thing to see! 

about 500,000 human beings were killed in syria while barack obama was president leading for a political settlemen 

i am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops bring them home from the ridiculous costly endless 

my warmest condolences to the family and many friends of congressman elijah cummings. i got to see first hand the s 

thank you, working hard! 

fake news! 

nancy pelosi needs help fast! there is either something wrong with her upstairs, or she just plain doesnt like our 

this is the real story. thank you jim! 

washington democrats have been engaged in a three-year-long impeachment parade in search of a rationale. prominent house 

already, house democrats impeachment inquiry is violating norms and precedent. they are denying republicans and presid 

speaker pelosi is still blocking the usmca, a major trade deal that would create 176,000 new american jobs. senate democr 

i am the only person who can fight for the safety of our troops bring them home from the ridiculous costly endl 

about 500,000 human beings were killed in syria while barack obama was president leading for a political settle 

congress never voted to send troops to syria, but in five minutes we will be voting on a resolution that disapproves o 

people all across the country should be and schiff are trying to impeach behind closed 



hope all house republicans, and honest house democrats, will vote to censure rep. adam schiff tomorrow for his braz 

years of bad government, such a sorry thing to see! 

what has happened here with the anthony wiener laptop, the server, all of the emails between huma abedin and hilla 

thank you you dallas, texas. see you tomorrow night at the american airlines center! 

this president is the most patriotic president ive seen in many years. he is going to do what is good for america 

nancy pelosi needs help fast! there is either something wrong with her upstairs, or she just plain doesnt like o 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! just won two congressional seats in north carolina, a gover 

the do nothing democrats, pelosi and schumer stormed out of the cabinet room! 

b"nervous nancy's unhinged meltdown! 

do you think they like me? 

was measured decisive today. walking out was baffling but not surprising w no intention of 

im fighting for the american people, but the democrats sole focus is fighting against me with their fraudulent wi 

fake news! 

thank you, working hard! 



guatemala, honduras el salvador have all signed historic asylum cooperation agreements and are working to end the 

senator rand paul just wrote a great book, the case against socialism which is now out. highly recommended as a 

republicans are totally deprived of their rights in this impeachment witch hunt. no lawyers, no questions, no trans 

our record economy would crash, just like in 1929, if any of those clowns became president! 

95% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! just won two congressional seats in north carolina, a go 

what is happening to president trump with impeachment is a constitutional travesty. the likes of w 

you would think there is no way that any of the democrat candidates that we witnessed last night could possibly bec 

we now have the greatest economy in history! 

a great group of champions! 

looks good to me! 

just out: median household income is at the highest point ever, ever, ever! how about saying it this way, in the histo 

democrats are allowing no transparency at the witch hunt hearings. if republicans ever did this they would be excoriat 

as hispanic heritage month wraps up, please see my interview with about the and the benefits fo 

great new book just released by the case against socialism - rand paul - hardcover. pick up your copy today 

.... it also brings shiftys fraudulent made up call, which he read to the united states congress pretending it to 

shifty adam schiff wants to rest his entire case on a whistleblower who he now says cant testify, the reason he 



the amazing comeback reminds us to never give up and never lose faith. when you work hard, support 

congratulations 

now that we have found out that is a virtual fraud, rumor has it that jeff zucker will be resigining momentarily? 

join me in dallas, texas this thursday (october 17th) at the american airlines center! 

....he loves our military and supports our vets! get out and vote for tate reeves on november 5th. he has my complete and total endorsement! 

mississippi, there is a very important election for governor on november 5th. i need you to get out and vote for ou 

just out: median household income is at the highest point ever, ever, ever! how about saying it this way, in the hi 

governor has done a wonderful job for the people of kentucky! he continues to protect your very importan 

hunter biden was really bad on now sleepy joe has real problems! reminds me of crooked hillary and her 33,000 

democrats are allowing no transparency at the witch hunt hearings. if republicans ever did this they would be excor 

project veritas-obtained undercover videos highlight jeff zuckers campaign to destroy trump. videos reveal 

a big scandal at news. they got caught using really gruesome fake footage of the turks bombing in syria. a rea 

shifty schiff now seems to think they dont need the whistleblower, who started the whole scam. the reason is that 

"the house gone rogue! i want to remind you a little bit about the ring leader in this whole rogue operation agains 

"it doesn\'t speak for the full house because the full house hasn\'t spoken. the democrat party is pushing this impea 

"the democrat party has hijacked the house of representatives..." 

statement from president donald j. trump regarding turkeys actions in northeast syria 

....i would much rather focus on our southern border which abuts and is part of the united states of america. and b 

some people want the united states to protect the 7,000 mile away border of syria, presided over by bashar al-assad 

....and assad to protect the land of our enemy? anyone who wants to assist syria in protecting the kurds is good wi 

after defeating 100% of the isis caliphate, i largely moved our troops out of syria. let syria and assad protect th 

b"....don't the europeans have a lot of responsibility? thank you katie, i offered isis prisoners to t 

b"to his credit the europeans didn't step up to deal with this isis problem its a lot of the reason why we are in 

great new book, "resistance (at all costs): how trump haters are breaking america" out by kimberley strassel of the 

....of the correction which they knew about full well! fox news pollster braun research misrepresented impeachment poll: analysis 

the fox impeachment poll has turned out to be incorrect. this was announced on friday. despite this, the corrupt ne 

america first! 

5g networks could be active in 2 to 3 years: cisco ceo 

wow! hunter biden is being forced to leave a chinese company. now watch the fake news wrap their greasy and very pr 



will be looking into the scott hapgood case, and the island of anguilla. something looks and sounds very wrong. i k 

vote for good guy tonight on dancing with the stars. he has always been there for us! 







happy columbus day! 

the same people who got us into the middle east mess are the people who most want to stay there! 

....kurds may be releasing some to get us involved. easily recaptured by turkey or european nations from where many 

brian kilmeade over at got it all wrong. we are not going into another war between people who have b 

former democrat senator harry reid just stated that donald trump is very smart, much more popular than people think 

....democrats game was foiled when we caught schiff fraudulently making up my ukraine conversation, when i release 

adam schiff now doesnt seem to want the whistleblower to testify. no! must testify to explain why he got my ukrain 

the democrats are trashing this president, in the process, trashing the u.s. constitution. frankly, the american 

congressman adam schiff, who when seeing the real ukraine phone call transcript decided hed better make up one of hi 

.....by the way, dont call me again, ill call you when youve done what ive asked. a reminder, that wasnt just s 

serial killers get more due process than the democrats give to the president of the united states. 

somebody please explain to chris wallace of fox, who will never be his father (and my friend), mike wallace, that t 

the u.s. has the worst of the isis prisoners. turkey and the kurds must not let them escape. europe should have tak 

on is doing a big show tonight on the democrats impeachment scam. 10:00 p.m. no guests, j 

.....by the way, dont call me again, ill call you when youve done what ive asked. a reminder, that wasnt jus 

congressman adam schiff, who when seeing the real ukraine phone call transcript decided hed better make up one of 

china has already begun agricultural purchases from our great patriot farmers ranchers! 

....i agreed not to increase tariffs from 25% to 30% on october 15th. they will remain at 25%. the relationship wit 

my deal with china is that they will immediately start buying very large quantities of our agricultural product, no 

the democrats are going to lose a lot of house seats because of their fraudulent use of impeachment. schiff fabrica 

happy birthday 

we have become a far greater economic power than ever before, and we are using that power for world peace! 

wheres hunter? he has totally disappeared! now looks like he has raided and scammed even more countries! media is awol. 

dealing with and many members of congress, including democrats, about imposing powerful sanctions 

.....the kurds and turkey have been fighting for many years. turkey considers the pkk the worst terrorists of all. 

do you remember two years ago when iraq was going to fight the kurds in a different part of syria. many people want 

very smart not to be involved in the intense fighting along the turkish border, for a change. those that mistakenly 

the media is not talking about the big republican victory last night in louisiana where a sitting democrat governor 

a despicable human being! 

congratulations to the great state of louisiana. a big night. you will soon have a new and wonderful governor, 

ca republicans tried to repeal new gas tax. unfortunately dem/socialists/media rejected it. now we pay the price here in ca 

did mueller lie to congress about meeting with trump before he took the special counsel job? | fox news ht 

thanks brian! 



the same people that got us into the middle east quicksand, 8 trillion dollars and many thousands of lives (and mil 

the governor of louisiana, john bel edwards, has done a poor job. now he is in a runoff with a great republican, 

the endless wars must end! 



start thinking about getting bigger tractors! 

that is the real story! 

there has been a lot of noise since decided to call for impeachment before having the facts. here are a few 

why wont the media ask these questions to or 

why wont democrats focus on helping the country, instead of attacking the president with this unfair and partisan process? 

happy national farmers day! 

lockdown?? gave me unprecedented access at state this week. answered all my questions about ukrai 





so now they are after the legendary crime buster and greatest mayor in the history of nyc, rudy giuliani. he may 

louisiana, get out and vote republican before going to the big game today. a runoff will be a tremendous win for yo 

....other aspects of the deal are also great - technology, financial services, 16-20 billion in boeing planes etc., 

the deal i just made with china is, by far, the greatest and biggest deal ever made for our great patriot farmers i 

the case of major mathew golsteyn is now under review at the white house. mathew is a highly decorated green beret 

schiff aides worked with whistleblower. schiff is a lying mess! 

louisiana tomorrow, you will head to the polls and vote to replace liberal democrat john bel edwards with a great 

louisiana republicans, thank you for a great evening. get out tomorrow and vote republican! send the radical democr 

i never saw so many subpoenas! the democrats have gone crazy. just read the transcript, 

so funny to watch steve kerr grovel and pander when asked a simple question about china. he chocked, and looks weak 

wheres hunter? 

president has arrived at the james e. sudduth coliseum in lake charles, louisiana. get out tomorrow and vo 

thank you kevin mcaleenan for your dedication and service to our country! you have done great work securing our border and we are t 

b" biden's ukraine warning 

president trump departing the shortly for louisiana! 

is he leaving due to bad ratings, or some other less important reason? 

just landed in louisiana! vote against john bel edwards, he has the worst jobs record in the united states. louisia 

....congratulations kevin, on a job well done! i will be announcing the new acting secretary next week. many wonderful candidates! 

kevin mcaleenan has done an outstanding job as acting secretary of homeland security. we have worked well together 

women are absolutely critical to the national security of a nation need to be brought to the negotiating table during pe 

a terrible and very dishonest person! 

president has authorized a new executive order giving in consultation with himself and 

b" mccabe's admission... 

we love you thank you! 

we love you thank you! 

nfl flashback 

really good news! 

the old barriers along our southern border were built to defend against vehicle crossingsand not much comprehen 

being in contact with a key witness and then lying about it renders adam schiff unqualified to lead a fair and just inqu 

"it breaks my heart every time i speak to one of these victims." can intervene before preventable crimes happen by 

sean lays out whats really behind the dems impeachment hysteria and all of their phony witch hunts. watch! htt 

collins rips dems: conducting an impeachment investigation behind closed doors isnt just unprecedentedits un-american. 

so great! 

in kansas city today, gov. mike parson, u.s. sen presidential advisor secretary alex azar and 

really? 

new survey reveals that 45% of adults find it hard to make new friends the average adult has not made a new friend in 5 

the white house refuses to legitimize the illegitimate impeachment inquiry 

13,000 new construction 3,000 new manufacturing jobless rate down from 4% to are winning 

we are striving to ensure all hard-working americans have access to high-quality, affordable childcare. you 

trump doral to host political fest with trump, jr., sarah sanders and corey lewandowski - news - the palm beach post - w 

usmca updates nafta to achieve goals that democrats have long claimed to support. so whats the had 

president arrives at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota for a massive trump rally. speechless t 

a giant scam! 

amazing evening! 

will build on the strong economy, benefitting farmers, small businesses, and manufacturers across the country. 

were just waiting on congress... jed clark, kentucky in kentucky and all across america are waiting for 

the do nothing democrats. thanks vicky! 

do you believe this? a total scam! 

more overflow tonight. wow! 



happening 

tune in this morning at 9am 

i have accepted an offer to join the advisory board. think this an important added role for me to take on. 

median household income is at a record the average household saw a $1400 tax unemployment has fallen to 3.5% 

usmca passage, china deal should be a one-two punch: rep. tom reed 

maga in minnesota! 

a great evening in beautiful minnesota! 

what a disgraceful legal system for this guy to still be around after all of these years. a vicious killer who dest 

thank you for pledging to providing 100,000 retraining scholarships over the next 5 yrs intellig 

b" national security adviser robert o'brien: we made this very clear to president erdogan early on that the invasion of syria" 

will be with our two great senators, tonight in louisiana. these two hard workin 

one of the great things about the china deal is the fact that, for various reasons, we do not have to go through th 

i will be in louisiana tonight (love it!) to get republicans to vote for either of our two great republican candida 

good things are happening at china trade talk meeting. warmer feelings than in recent past, more like the old days. 

over the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul and we are going to win the great s 

a great evening in minneapolis, minnesota with incredible american patriots. thank you! 

the joint statement released with president bolsonaro in march makes absolutely clear that i support brazil beginni 

wow, thank you minneapolis, minnesota on my way! 

....we have one of three choices: send in thousands of troops and win militarily, hit turkey very hard financially 

we defeated 100% of the isis caliphate and no longer have any troops in the area under attack by turkey, in syria. 





big day of negotiations with china. they want to make a deal, but do i? i meet with the vice premier tomorrow at the white house. 

why isnt the ig investigating his so-called whistleblower? all bad info! 

the president of the ukraine just stated again, in the strongest of language, that president trump applied no press 

thank you to one america news for your fair coverage and brilliant reporting. it is appreciated by many peopl 

....the area and start a new war all over again. turkey is a member of nato. others say stay out, let the kurds fig 

turkey has been planning to attack the kurds for a long time. they have been fighting forever. we have no soldiers 

see you soon in kansas city, missouri 

today "you can always impeach if you are in the majority and if you want to commit suicide that\'s what 

"this is not an impeachment. this is a coup" - "the left hates trump that inc 

where is hunter biden? he has disappeared while the fake news protects his crooked daddy! 

...court justice i turned him down (hes been terrible ever since), shep smith, (who gave crooked h 

from the day i announced i was running for president, i have never had a good poll. whoever their pollster 

ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky told reporters thursday his controversial july call with president trump in 

in case the kurds or turkey lose control, the united states has already taken the 2 isis militants tied to beheadin 

impeached for what, having created the greatest economy in the history of our country, building our strongest ever 

a different take! 

president trump criticizes steve kerr and gregg popovich both vocal critics of trump when asked about china putting pr 

i dont think its a whistleblower at all. i think this is an anonymous source for the democratic staff in the hou 



the hardest thing i have to do as president... 

sleepy joe biden! 

so pathetic to see sleepy joe biden, who with his son, hunter, and to the detriment of the american taxpayer, has r 

only 25 percent want the president impeached, which is pretty low considering the volume of fake news coverage, but 

so why is someone a good or great president if they needed to spy on someone elses campaign in order to win (that 

....daca stand, with all of its negative legal implications, the republicans and democrats will have a deal to let 

president obama said that he did not have the right to sign daca, that it will never hold up in court. he signed it 

dems are now willing to hurt our economy and the economy of mexicoall to deny trump a win on usmca. mexico is urging p 

crooked hillary should try it again! 

democrats are so busy striking while the iron is hot that they didnt even have a vote to start their crazy impeachment p 

true. should have never been there in the first place! 

why doesnt the icig do something about this scam? he should have never let it start, a dem hoax! 

adam schiff is a disgrace to our country! 

is repo oct as a telephone book 

so true don, and this was a big lie. look what happened to friends of trump, for less. cant let this pass! 

every 2020 campaign needs to be asked: did the whistleblower communicate with you or any of your associates prior to or after the 

coming up: joins us at 10:00 et! 

democrats are deposing witnesses behind closed doors denying republicans fair time to ask questions the right to call 

its good that this partisan hit job is coming to light but based on the bullshit of the last 3 years did anyone really 

but we are now, for the first time, giving companies a better alternative! 

great support from gop in fighting the radical left, do nothing democrats! 

they dont have a clue, but i do. the usa is doing great despite the fed! 



....no pressure at all said ukraine! very congenial, a perfect call. the whistleblower and others spoke before seei 

the so-called whistleblower, before knowing i was going to release the exact transcript, stated that my call with t 

the do nothing democrats are con artists, only looking to hurt the republican party and president. their total focu 

....in the history of our country! we went to war under a false now disproven premise, weapons of mass destructio 

the united states has spent eight trillion dollars fighting and policing in the middle east. thousands of our great 

wishing an easy and meaningful fast to all those observing yom kippur today. 

fighting between various groups that has been going on for hundreds of years. usa should never have been in middle 

so make all member countries pay, not just the united states! 

he should be impeached for fraud! 

must watch tucker carlson segment! 

.....the whistleblowers lawyer is a big democrat. the whistleblower has ties to one of my democrat opponents. why 

the whistleblowers facts have been so incorrect about my no pressure conversation with the ukrainian president, 

a total scam by the do nothing democrats. for the good of the country, this wirch hunt should end now! 

so amazing! 





wow, just breaking: the (big deal) whistleblower had a professional tie to 2020 democratic candidate. washingto 

bob mueller was pursuing the fbi director job when he met with president trump in 2017, administration officials s 

the time for excuses is over. the usmca needs to move this fall. workers and small businesses in kentucky and across the 

the greatest witch hunt in the history of the usa! 

the usmca would create 176,000 jobs for american workers and generate $68 billion in wealth for america. house democrats 

gasoline prices in the state of california are much higher than anywhere else in the nation ($2.50 vs. $4.50). i gu 

reminder that while house democrats have spent basically their entire first year as a majority this congress throwing a 

....if there is a runoff in louisiana, you will have a great new republican governor who will cut your taxes and ca 

big rally in louisiana on friday night. must force a runoff with a liberal democrat governor, john bel edwards, who 

this is just the beginning, thank you to 

the u.s. border is secure! 

....in fact, the cops for trump t-shirt web site crashed because of incredible volume, but is now back up and run 

radical left dem mayor of minneapolis, jacob frey, is doing everything possible to stifle free speech despite a rec 

friday night in louisiana will be great. big crowd expected. republicans must get out and vote for either of our tw 

mahalet was born in by her parents, she lived as an impoverished was adopted by a lo 

hasnt adam schiff been fully discredited by now? do we have to continue listening to his lies? 



get your great t-shirts, cops for trump, at really nice! thank you to minneapolis police 

someone please tell the radical left mayor of minneapolis that he cant price out free speech. probably illegal! i 

thank you to lt. bob kroll of the great minneapolis police department for your kind words on the po 

i think that crooked hillary clinton should enter the race to try and steal it away from uber left elizabeth warren 

....to see. importantly, ambassador sondlands tweet, which few report, stated, i believe you are incorrect about 

i would love to send ambassador sondland, a really good man and great american, to testify, but unfortunately he wo 

....understands that while we only had 50 soldiers remaining in that section of syria, and they have been removed, 

we may be in the process of leaving syria, but in no way have we abandoned the kurds, who are special people and wo 

.....good health, at my request, pastor brunson, who had many years of a long prison term remaining. also remember, 

so many people conveniently forget that turkey is a big trading partner of the united states, in fact they make the 

the lightweight mayor is hurting the great police and other wonderful supporters. 72,000 ticket requests already. d 

extoion! minneapolis mayor tries to shut down trump\'s "keep america great" rally via 

this is an outrageous abuse of power by a liberal mayor trying to deny the rights of his own citys residents just because he 

thank you joni! 

president is negotiating real trade deals for the american made fairer trade deals j 

watch: president discusses signing two early outcomes from trade negotiations with will allow 

president just signed two new trade agreements with japan, changing the game for american farmers and ranc 

our commander-in-chief has made it his priority to keep this country safe and empower our military leaders! 

great to be on with reminding the american people of the promises made, promises kept by 

b" the radical mayor of minneapolis, is abusing his power in an attempt to block the president's supporters from se" 

this entire process has been a now plan to only allow themselves and their staff to know the whistleblowers 

adam should be impeached! 

great book! 

vdh: "the only trump \'crime\' was in his winning an election he was not supposed to win." 

b" fbi lovebirds premieres tonight at 9pm est! don't forget to sign up at so you see the video as soon" 

lawmakers in both chambers have demanded that ic ig michael atkinson explain why he backdated to august secret changes he mad 

the do it in secret, cherry pick and leak whatever furthers their narrative. put it out there for all to see. 

county records contradict warrens claim she was fired over pregnancy 

uh, oh. 

b" when even the wapo fact checkers can't avoid calling out schiff, it's bad.... 

"if the public cant trust mr. schiff to be honest about the origins of his information, why should they trust his claim 

per catherine herridge: ic inspector general told lawmakers the whistleblower did not disclose contact w schiff/committe 

b" kimberley strassel on dems' 'mystifying' impeachment push: americans will see the 'double standard' 

impeachment insanity. the kavanaugh hit. fbi/doj abuse of power. the mueller mess. leaks. media malpractice. in just 10 da 

i have promoted book frequently on the air and in two columns because it persuasively and succ 

exclusive: report shows fbi official received sports tickets from cnn reporter and lied about it to investigators 

new data is out on median income barack obama, incomes rose $11 a incomes 

there are no felonies, there are no impeachable offenses. the constitutions very clear that you need bribery, tre 



this is why the democrats are so nervous. because president is finally dialing in on the corruption and 

democrats trying to impeach president trump are misusing their 

today the usa and japan signed 2 new trade agreements agricultural agt: +90% of us ag imports into japan will be 

dream big and always be open to opportunities thats advice to all watch: 



thank you 

"the truth about 

....the captured isis fighters and families. the u.s. has done far more than anyone could have ever expected, inclu 

as i have stated strongly before, and just to reiterate, if turkey does anything that i, in my great and unmatched 

b" from the archives | surprised by what you're seeing in northern syria? i'm not. back in january 2018, i explained the dile" 

we aligned under obama not with the kurds, but with the pkk, the sworn enemy of the turkish republic, our ally. we were 

turkey cant want a war with kurds but if it does we cant be killing turks with americans throughout turkey, our base ther 

stream of stories in about and turkey: now breaking news of an erd 

i went w/ to jerusalem and ankara in january michael. i dont know what we can do other than a staged withdr 

turkey is invading northrrn president is keeping us out of gang that never met a war they didnt w 

....down, watching over a quagmire, spending big dollars to do so. when i took over, our military was totally dep 

i was elected on getting out of these ridiculous endless wars, where our great military functions as a policing ope 

the radical left democrats have failed on all fronts, so now they are pushing local new york city and state democra 

....doesnt even include the almost $2000 that the families got from the trump tax cut. stephen moore, freedomwork 

heritage foundation these numbers are blockbusters. just since donald trump took office, median family incomrs are 

incomes much higher under trump than bush, obama. and almost everything else is better also (excep 

ig: declassified information contradicts the whistleblower. but why are people surprised? the pa 

we just won the big court case on net neutrality rules! a great win for the future and speed of the internet. will 

...figure the situation out, and what they want to do with the captured isis fighters in their neighborhood. they 

....almost 3 years, but it is time for us to get out of these ridiculous endless wars, many of them tribal, and bri 

.....again said no, thinking, as usual, that the u.s. is always the sucker, on nato, on trade, on everything. t 

....including capturing thousands of isis fighters, mostly from europe. but europe did not want them back, they sai 

the united states was supposed to be in syria for 30 days, that was many years ago. we stayed and got deeper and de 

....this makes nervous nancy every bit as guilty as liddle adam schiff for high crimes and misdemeanors, and even 

nancy pelosi knew of all of the many shifty adam schiff lies and massive frauds perpetrated upon congress and the a 

forgot to report that we are helping the great farmers of the usa to the tune of 28 billion dollars, 

unemployment rate just dropped to 3.5%, the lowest in more that 50 years. is that an impeachable event for your president? 

gerry baker of do you think what youve seen rises to the level of impeachment? ken starr, clinton s 

sleepy eyes chuck todd of meet the press had a total meltdown in his interview with highly reaspected senator 

join me at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota this thursday, october 10th at 7:00pm! tickets: 

good job, i must say, by bob woodward on deface the nation. the cbs no name host(ess), and other guest, peter bak 

today: chairman urges prime ministers of australia, italy and the united kingdom to continue working wit 

who were these people? were they up to? by full disclosure can president adequately 

also, house republicans should have the ability to find out all those involved in providing information to the whistle 

its not right democrats in the house helped the whistleblower prepare their complaint. 

chairman graham noted, the attorney general is holding meetings with your countr 

democrat lawyer is same for both whistleblowers? all support obama and crooked hillary. witch hunt! 

i met president trump today! up i went from foster house to foster house i never thought i would be at the whit 

2 time losing mitt begged president trump to endorse him in 2012 now hes always attacking trump. unloyal! 

drain the swamp! 

will be in minnesota on thursday night. massive response, crowd and enthusiasm (actually, all over the country) wil 





dems have been trying for 3 years to impeach the president. they arent pained by this. theyre excited. and its te 

going to louisiana on friday night for a big republican rally. keep democrat governor edwards under 50%, force a ru 



....and by the way, i would love running against 1% joe biden - i just dont think its going to happen. sleepy joe 

the biden family was paid off, pure and simple! the fake news must stop making excuses for something that is totall 

....and separately got 1.5 billion dollars from china despite no experience and for no apparent reason. there is no 

it is incredible to watch and read the fake news and how they pull out all stops to protect sleepy joe biden and hi 

the democrats are lucky that they dont have any mitt romney types. they may be lousy politicians, with really bad 

95% approval rating in republican party. thank you! 

dollars are the real polls right double where president obama was at this point in his 

dont miss out on the latest bombshell report" about for hispanic and african-americans 

the do nothing democrats are being exposed! 

book is doing really well. a study in unfairness to a potentially great justice! 

the great scam is being revealed! 

b" pelosi blatantly lies during interview about schiff's reading of ukraine 

thank you 



san francisco made a choice to tolerate vagrancy and encourage drug use. it made the problems worse, writes 

four pinocchios| schiffs false claim his committee had not spoken to the whistleblower 

fox news exposes joe bidens *obvious* corruption why congressional democrats push for impeachment is 

this is huge, great job standing up to the terrible double standard by this man. god bless 

worthy. has done amazing research. i suggest you pick up a copy. 







the first so-called second hand information whistleblower got my phone conversation almost completely wrong, so n 

president trump would be negligent if he did not bring this matter, biden, up. if the v.p. of the u.s. is self enr 

schiff and the do nothing dems have lost all credibility...but the corrupt media is working hard to keep them in th 

mitt, get off the stage, youve had your turn (twice)! 

so crooked hillary clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails after getting a subpoena from the united states cong 

b" this is real reason why washington democrats are trying to because the results keep coming. and they're" 

proven liar adam schiff is running the democrats impeachment scheme against collus 

b" there's a reason why adam schiff released cherry-picked text messages and not the transcript of the volker interview. i" 

so crooked hillary clinton can delete and acid wash 33,000 emails after getting a subpoena from the united states c 

no kevin, jeff flake is better! 

im hearing that the great people of utah are considering their vote for their pompous senator, mitt romney, to be 

not only are the do nothing democrats interfering in the 2020 election, but they are continuing to interfere in the 



"schiff is a fraud!" 

this is the real story! 

lyin shifty schiff! 

mitt romney never knew how to win. he is a pompous ass who has been fighting me from the beginning, except when h 

somebody please wake up mitt romney and tell him that my conversation with the ukrainian president was a congenial 

the so-called whistleblowers account of my perfect phone call is way off, not even close. schiff and pelosi neve 

the media is fixed and corrupt. it bears no relationship to the truth. the are pure fi 

"new extreme dems now running the pay!" 

thank you and 

shifty schiff duped by russian pranksters! 



too bad! 



it seems as if congressman schiff has fabricated so many stories that he cannot remember his part of the newest script... 

thank you 

witch hunt: the story of the greatest mass delusion in american political history - get your copy now! 

report: whistleblower never disclosed contact with house intel panel to inspector 

great book! 

b"pelosi blatantly lies during interview about schiff's reading of ukraine 

breaking: conflicted, biased inspector general has long track record of \'pulling punches," warn former 

wants businesses to work hand and hand with government to identify and train american workers for the future 

obama-trained indivisible astroturfers -- fake protesters posing as constituents (or as cnn pretends, "voter[s]) -- were 

watching cnn is like seeing the inner workings of an anti-trump campaign war room. they are lucky they are cable and not r 

the obama admin launched an intelligence operation against trump to derail his campaign presidency in 2016-17, and now h 

once voters understand that trump was set up and framed by intelligence ops like the whistleblower in 2016, falsely accuse 

breaking: the whistleblower is a registered democrat cia analyst who was detailed before the 2016 election to the obama 

where is the lamestream media on this? 

thanks jim. would be great to just run our country! 

ex-envoy testified ukraine (or the president of ukraine) never raised quid pro quo concerns with him: source. 

....of ukraine, and cannot find any reason to charge the president with high crimes misdemeanors. this is just a 

it isnt often i get angry at the dirty politics of the democrats in congress, but this time i am enraged and hope 

this morning in the florida keys, was asked about the president calling on china to investigate - see his 

along with pelosi and her boss aoc, the do nothing democrat leader. 

join me at the target center in minneapolis, minnesota next thursday, october 10th at 7:00pm! tickets: 

my daughter ivanka will be on tonight on at 8:00 p.m., following the great at 7:00. enjoy! 

....it to congress, and the american people, as though it was the statement of the president of the united states, 

adam schiffs connection to the whistleblower is coming to light. these facts, and others, make it impo 

lyin shifty schiff! 

when your making an unsubstantiated charge that the president of the united states is making a request having to d 



i have just officially nominated poland for entry into the visa waiver program. with this decades long-awaited anno 

at the request of i have declared a major disaster for the great state of north carolina to help wi 

under my administration, medicare advantage premiums next year will be their lowest in the last 13 years. we are pr 

thanks to us leadership under vaccines therapeutics are saving lives and helping those affected by the outbre 

live: potus at the young black leadership summit 

wow, this is big stuff! 

i think its outrages that a whistleblower is a cia agent. ed rollins 

the witness was asked at least 20 times, and there definitely was no quid pro quo. the 

when your making an unsubstantiated statement that the president is making a claim having to do with quid pro quo, 



the whistleblower, who had the facts wrong about the phone call, reached out, and more, to the democrat controlled 

breaking news: unemployment rate, at 3.5%, drops to a 50 year low. wow america, lets impeach your president (even t 

as president i have an obligation to end corruption, even if that means requesting the help of a foreign country or 

the washington times, ukraine envoy blows massive hole into democrat accusations. republicans at hearing find no 

this isnt about a campaign, this is about corruption on a massive scale! 



nancy pelosi today, on actually said that adam schiffty schiff didnt fabricate my words in a major speech be 

they (do nothing dems) are trying to nullify an election... joe digenova 

this isnt about a campaign, this is about corruption on a massive scale! 

we are simultaneously fighting the fake news media and their partner, the democrat party. always tough to beat the 

great job jim! 

aoc is a wack job! 

the do nothing democrats dont have time to get it done! 

a great first day in met w/ jackson district at the elk antler arches in town square learning about their conse 

the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country! 

just because joe biden is running against president doesnt mean hes above the law. 

another big loss for the do nothing dems! 

as the president of the united states, i have an absolute right, perhaps even a duty, to investigate, or have inves 

"...blowing massive holes inside of the theory, the narrative, that chairman schiff has been providing to the publi 

the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country! 

today at the villages in florida, it was my great honor to sign an executive order on protecting and improving medi 

it was just a congenial phone call, but its become so big. ive never seen the media work so hard with so little. 

thank you really well done! 

drain the swamp! 

this is yet again an example of democrats projecting their criminal acts on president trump. president trump is an 

trump fundraising haul shows impeachment backfiring on dems 

there wasnt anything said wrong in my conversation with the ukrainian president. this is a democrat scam! 

great time at the villages in florida today. sorry we couldnt get everybody in. i will be back soon! 

election interference! 

95% approval rating in the republican party, and record setting fundraising that has taken place over the past two weeks. thank you! 

leader mccarthy, we look forward to you soon becoming speaker of the house. the do nothing dems dont have a chance! 



fake news, just like the snakes and gators in the moat. the media is deranged, they have lost their minds! 

good times with last night talking adam is basically the jussie smollett of congres 

schiff is a lowlife who should resign (at least!). 

nbc news reports that hunter biden met with a chinese banker while joining then-vp joe bidens official 2013 trip to chin 

honored heroic wounded warriors today at an event hosted by all saints episcopal school in god bless our troops 

excited to share that my new book, the case for nationalism: how it made us powerful, united, and free will be out novembe 

bidens gun plan? it could destroy the gun industry for selling lawful, constitutionally-protected products and impair am 

do republicans see the strategy to discredit the barr investigation? - my column from yesterday: 

b" so state department inspector general asks for 'urgent' briefing on capitol hill. trump and ukraine! then admits he's had 'u" 

schiff is a lying disaster for our country. he should resign! 

the republican party has never had such support! 

book is doing really well. a study in unfairness to a potentially great justice! 

thank you hugh! 

a great book by a brilliant author. buy it now! 

very convenient... 

must watch before any dem press conferences...all you need to know. 

duplication scoring act from and would help prevent new laws or programs that accidentally duplicat 

great job richard! 

keep up the great work kellie! 

b" franklin graham calls for prayer to 'change hearts' of democrats - a call to pray for our nation and its 

biden to trump - "i am creepy" 

the ukraine controversy continues this morning as new documents obtained by show that a former ukrainian 

the u.s. won a $7.5 billion award from the world trade organization against the european union, who has for many ye 

my statement on the latest fiasco 



the texas success the employment by 6.4% = 774,000 new jobs employment 



democrats want to steal the election! 

....he loves our military and supports our vets! democrat jim hood will never give us his vote, is anti-trump and p 

mississippi, there is a very important election for governor on november 5th. i need you to get out and vote for ou 

look at this photograph! 

schiff, house intel chairman, got early account of whistle-blowers accusations is a fraud! 

the do nothing democrats should be focused on building up our country, not wasting everyones time and energy on bu 

adam schiff should only be so lucky to have the brains, honor and strength of secretary of state mike pompeo. for a 

democrats are trying to undo the election regardless of facts! 

nancy pelosi just said that she is interested in lowering prescription drug prices working on the desperately nee 

all of this impeachment nonsense, which is going nowhere, is driving the stock market, and your 401ks, down. but t 

now the press is trying to sell the fact that i wanted a moat stuffed with alligators and snakes, with an electrifi 

nancy pelosi and the democrats havent met the standards of impeachment. they have to be very careful here. jeanne zaino. 



all the do nothing democrats are focused on is impeaching the president for having a very good conversation with th 

congressman adam schiff should resign for the crime of, after reading a transcript of my conversation with the pres 

as the index of economic freedom shows, countries that implement free-market policies enable women to make their own econo 

democrats want to stop barr from investigating what happened in 2016. spot on. as we have been saying on 

huge q3 fundraising numbers thanks to and of course the strong enthusiasm behind 

massive sections of the wall are being built at our southern border. it is going up rapidly, and built to the highe 

i won the right to be a presidential candidate in california, in a major court decision handed down yesterday. it w 

louisiana republicans must go out and vote republican in your governors race. a republican will win if you can for 

the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country! 

....people, their vote, their freedoms, their second amendment, religion, military, border wall, and their god-give 

as i learn more and more each day, i am coming to the conclusion that what is taking place is not an impeachment, i 

....a nancy pelosi/chuck schumer democrat (john bel edwards), who does nothing but stymie all of the things we are 

republicans of louisiana, it is really important for you to go out and vote on october 12th for either eddie rispon 

why isnt congressman adam schiff being brought up on charges for fraudulently making up a statement and reading it 

as i predicted, jay powell and the federal reserve have allowed the dollar to get so strong, especially relative to 

today, i was proud to sign the autism cares bill! we support research for americans with autism and their families. yo 

thank you! 

bidens caught lying about ukraine...hiding who was on board with hunter. 

joining tonight on during the 10:00 pm hour. promises to be a lively show. watch! 

....the whistleblower, and also the person who gave all of the false information to him. this is simply about a pho 

so if the so-called whistleblower has all second hand information, and almost everything he has said about my pe 

the congratulatory phone call with the ukrainian president was perfect, unless you heard liddle adam schiffs fra 



is coming to dallas, tx for a rally on president trumps leadership, 774,4 

the american people want washington to work for what has done since he was 

when president was elected, his pro-growth, pro-worker agenda was set to change the economic landscape for 

this is why the democrats are ramping up. they know this is coming. this is the biggest scand 

congratulations to president xi and the chinese people on the 70th anniversary of the peoples republic of china! 

great job, just in time! 

b" radicals socialists have taken over the democrat party. they're calling all the shots last week, they pressu" 

you cannot judge my stock market performance since the inauguration, which was very good, but only from the day aft 

the corrupt media refuses to cover this! 

big news by and on a 4 billion dollar joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologies 

great news! announced that it is building its new mac pro in texas. this means hundreds of american jobs in aus 

navistar will be building a new 250 million dollar truck factory in san antonio with 600 new jobs. congratulations san 

house democrats should stop delaying and put the country first by passing the usmca trade deal, write and 

the president has maximum positive impact on the country (and his approval numbers) when he focuses on advancing his pea 

today, i was proud to sign the autism cares bill! we support research for americans with autism and their families. 



thank you! 

he misled (rep. adam schiff) millions of people for the sake of making the case for impeachment. completely fabric 



my great friend, has been an excellent chairman of the house which has been a trem 

big news by and on a 4 billion dollar joint venture to develop autonomous driving technologi 

great news! announced that it is building its new mac pro in texas. this means hundreds of american jobs in 

navistar will be building a new 250 million dollar truck factory in san antonio with 600 new jobs. congratulations 

it was my great honor to attend this mornings welcome ceremony for the 20th chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, 

the fake news media wants to stay as far away as possible from the ukraine and china deals made by the bidens. a co 

very simple! i was looking for corruption and also why germany, france and others in the european union dont do mo 

....they made this whole thing up. impeachment is also a pre-emptive strike for what they think is coming on the ob 

president trumps job approval numbers have just reached the highest level since his inauguration, around 50%, and 



who changed the long standing whistleblower rules just before submittal of the fake whistleblower repo? drain the swamp! 

again, the president of ukraine said there was no (zero) pressure put on him by me. case closed! 

....place in trade, its taking shape in military competition. johnathan ward, author and china expert. we are win 

after many years, the united states is finally waking up to beijings plans and ambitions to pass us as the domina 

rep. adam schiff illegally made up a fake terrible statement, pretended it to be mine as the most important part 

the fake whistleblower complaint is not holding up. it is mostly about the call to the ukrainian president which, i 

china trade turmoil: china urging a calm and rational solution. china is doing very 

the greatest witch hunt in the history of our country! 

b" these are the most important facts we the whistleblower wasn't on the the ig didn't read the transcript be" 

i am draining the swamp! 



this is about proving that donald trump was framed by the democrats. 



....if the democrats are successful in removing the president from office (which they will never be), it will cause 

....election, and negate the votes of millions of evangelicals in the process. they know the only impeachable offen 

....rid of donald j. trump - and the democrats dont care if they burn down and destroy this nation in the process. 

nancy pelosi and the democrats cant put down the impeachment match. they know they couldnt beat him in 2016 agai 

state department has stepped up hillary clinton email probe. you mean the 33,000 emails that she 

....we are going to have an election very shortly. rep. jeff van drew, democrat of new jersey. tha 

all thats swirling around us now is impeachment. we talk about it day and night, its whats on the news, there i 

these radical left, do nothing democrats, are doing great harm to our country. they are lying cheating like never 

....in addition, i want to meet not only my accuser, who presented second third hand information, but also the pe 

his lies were made in perhaps the most blatant and sinister manner ever seen in the great chamber. he wrote down an 

like every american, i deserve to meet my accuser, especially when this accuser, the so-called whistleblower, rep 





wishing a happy new year to all of those celebrating rosh hashanah in america, israel, and around the world! 



will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 trump type districts. we will win big! 



the real one mark levin just totally curved ed henry and his fake news. career is gone now! can we face off levin and worl 

investigating corruption is correct! 

mark levin just mopped the floor with ed henry. 

saw the whole interview by with ed henry. why arent there more reporters that can explain and bring the news 

ed henry has been on a rant during other interviews asking the same dishonest question. hes showing his true 

b" wondering what's been going on at fox lately? talk to paul ryan, he's got influence over there- bigly! love ya, ed" 

a sunday morning; amen mark levin, preach brother! you shut down ed henry and the pro sha 

mark levin sure put that lying shit head ed henry in his place didnt he? 

ed henry implies that asked ukraine president to "dig up dirt on political rival.pot 

sorry jill, i like ed henry but his question implied that the transcript specifically said dig up 

love you mark levin for calling ed henry out on fox news. ed henry has turned into fake news ship him to cnn. get ed henry of 

b" mark levin took ed henry, fox news, to school and exposed henry's fake reporting and his misrepresentation of contents of doc" 

wow mark levin just took ed henry to school on fox! hey ed you best not mess with the great one! 

so great mark! 

ive generally been a fan of ed henry, however mark levin just completely destroyed him on fox and friends this morning. 

mark levin really let ed henry on have it about corrupt news media. ed henry 

mark levin just tore ed henry to shreds on fox friends like i\'ve never seen before. no wonder they call him the "the great one 

ed henry just got his ass handed to him by mark levin. yes ed, go ask joe biden 



will happen to all of those seeking unlawful impeachment in 50 trump type districts. we will win big! 

these are trumped-up charges. 

the fake news doesnt dare mention the corrupt democrats! 

national border patrol council vp: president trump cares about and understands problems on the 

ian bremmer: biden does have a problem, hunter biden was paid "clearly to be selling 

sen. graham: to impeach any president over a phone call like this would be 

rep. matt gaetz: bottom line is that there is no quid pro 

bret baier on democrat speculation over ukraine call: none of those things are in this 

fox correspondent john roberts: no quid pro quo mentioned in ukraine call 

rep. ratcliffe: once again, their impeachment search party came up 

flashback: in 1998, pelosi blasts impeachment for any and all grievances that anybody ever h 

ukrainian president zelensky: i think you read everything good phone callnobody pushed 

fncs perino on ukraine: nobody was pushed, there was no 

dni: trumps ukraine call transparency is 

rep. turner calls out adam schiff for just making up fiction 

rep. turner: dems impeachment push is an assault on the 

rep. wenstrup slams dems: americans have seen this movie too many times and theyre tired of 

ed henry: maquire was a very strong witness for trump, pushed back very hard on dem 

rep. stefanik throws shade at schiff for his fake opening 

rep. ratcliffe: whistleblowers account is all second and third hand 

nh voter slams dems on impeachment: should just get back to doing their 

sen. cruz knocks dems for false narratives about ukraine 

sen. cruz: congressional dems are angry about the 2016 electionangry at the 

rep. nunes on dems impeachment push: this is the sequel to the russia 

sen. scott slams democrats on impeachment: the evidence does not matter to 

the only people that dont like my conversation with the new ukrainian president are those that heard rep. adam sch 

it is disgraceful what the do nothing democrats are doing (the impeachment scam), but it is also disgraceful what t 

wow, they got caught. end the witch hunt now! 

....fraudulently and illegally inserted his made up twisted words into my call with the ukrainian president to ma 

the whistleblowers complaint is completely different and at odds from my actual conversation with the new presiden 

....the conversation with the new and very good ukraine president, who told the fake news, at the united nations, t 

how do you impeach a president who has created the greatest economy in the history of our country, entirely rebuilt 

they are trying to stop me, because i am fighting for you! 

keep america great! 

make america great again! 

presidential harassment! 

can you imagine if these do nothing democrat savages, people like nadler, schiff, aoc plus 3, and many more, had a 



hispanic americans enrich our culture and are true examples of the american spirit! 

update: we have now raised almost $15 million in small dollar donations (including 50,000 new donors) since s 

president will host a rally on thursday, october 10 at 7:00 pm cdt at the target center i 

b" we already raised over $500k to beat democrat elissa slotkin next promised she'd work with 

voter i.d. is the best way. go for it doug! 

reminder, as this tweet points out: what weve seen is the ukrainians werent aware aid was being reviewed during the c 

thank you to general mcmaster. just more fake news! 



this is just the beginning of an all-out fight to defend our democracy our of house dems campaigned 

i am draining the swamp! 

if that perfect phone call with the president of ukraine isnt considered appropriate, then no future president can 

sounding more and more like the so-called whistleblower isnt a whistleblower at all. in addition, all second hand 

the democrats are now to be known as the do nothing pay! 

rep. adam schiff totally made up my conversation with ukraine president and read it to congress and millions. he mu 

it was a perfect conversation with ukraine president! 

iran wanted me to lift the sanctions imposed on them in order to meet. i said, of course, no! 



...sound horrible, and me sound guilty. he was desperate and he got caught. adam schiff therefore lied to congress 

rep. adam schiff fraudulently read to congress, with millions of people watching, a version of my conversation with 

.....nice call with with the new president of ukraine, it could not have been better or more honorable, and the fak 

obama loving (wrote obama book) peter baker of the failing new york times, married to an even bigger trump hater th 

to show you how dishonest the lamestream media is, i used the word liddle, not liddle, in discribing corrupt congr 







will be a great and very accurate show tonight by on (9:00 pm). will play my full statement from 

so many lies by sleepy joe and the do nothing democrats! 







will be a great and very accurate show tonight by on (9:00 pm). will play my full statement from air force one! 

the president of ukraine said that he was not pressured by me to do anything wrong. cant have better testimony tha 

no one has done more behind the scenes for strong border security than her bill passed committee today 

congratulations to my friend our powerful appropriations chairman, for his hard work on many strong bil 

liddle adam schiff, who has worked unsuccessfully for 3 years to hurt the republican party and president, has just 

adam schiff has zero credibility. another fantasy to hurt the republican party! 

a whistleblower with second hand information? another fake news story! see what was said on the very nice, no press 

that, and many other reasons, is why republicans will win north carolina! 

is there a case for impeachment? absolutely not! there is no high crime or misdemeanor, no crime, no extortion, no 

for 2.5 years we were told there was collusion, then obstruction, then it was a cover-up... rinse and repeat. t 

after 3 years of relentless pursuit of (not various democratic candidates for wi 

the downright giddy media hoping for impeachment should take 3 minutes and watch this before they count 

b" vp democrats don't have an agenda, that's why they want to impeach 

stop what youre us expose the media lies about selectively deleted 500+ w 

so bad for our country! 

so true, but it will never work! 



when became president, his sons stopped doing international business deals; when joe biden became vp, h 

yikes! i guess the dems no longer want to do anything about election interference. 

rand paul on the fake witch hunts: basta! 

"pelosis bad impeachment call" by anti-trumper in "a q-pac poll found 57% of americans oppose impeachment; 37% 

president has taken a sledgehammer to the ruiling class and the ruling class is fighting back hard and 

...they cant run against this presidents record...a record of accomplishment...so they decided to look for one more way to try to 



and even though she knew the transcript was going to be released today, speaker nancy pelosi initiates an impeachment inquiry into 

the ironic thing is that the only time it did happen that we know about is when former vice president joe biden threatened over a 

dems are basing their impeachment dreams on a whistleblower not have direct knowledge of the ukraine 

speaker pelosi: focused on taking down at any focused on securing better trade deals for hard 

cc: everybody not the ukranian president who has been characterizing what happened in the call with the ukrainian presi 

ukrainian president volodymyr zelensky says he doesn\'t want to be involved in us elections and he didn\'t feel "pushed" during 

the greatest scam in the history of american politics! 





b" we should impeach them all. that's how this works, right? given their rules its a no brainer since there's an actua" 

kassam: trump transcript shows him trying to stop corruption, nothing else via 

thank you jim! 

democrats wrote to the ukrainian government in may 2018 urging it to continue investigations into president donald tr 

yikes!!! 

are you saying the democrats started an all out move towards impeachment without even seeing the transcript? 

if they actually did this the markets would crash. do you think it was luck that got us to the best stock market an 

watching the media circle the wagons and desperately try to defend the biden family for things they try to kill my fami 

the democrats have been talking about impeaching donald trump since before he was inaugurated. 

so bad for our country! 

so cute! her father is under siege, for no reason, since his first day in office! 

new: democrat senators reached out to ukraine in may 2018 and asked for their assistance in investigating the 

hunter took the position with a ukrainian natural gas company just a few weeks after his father visited ukraine in 2014 

there has been no president in the history of our country who has been treated so badly as i have. the democrats are f 

thank you 

sooooo true 

one of our best fundraising days ever! 

so true, but it will never work! 





....taken out of ukraine and china. additionally, i demand transparency from democrats that went to ukraine and att 

i have informed kevin mccarthy and all republicans in the house that i fully support transparency on so- 

wow! ukraine whistleblowers lead attorney donated to biden. 

nancy pelosi should be embarrassed. the transcript debunks the democrats false claims against president 

66-29 huge majority believes the democrats should work w/ to solve the nations problems rather than imp 

since the day president trump was elected to office, democrats have tried to find any opportunity to undermine his presid 

1) having read dojs trump-ukraine release, heres the real story: this is another internal attempt to take out a presiden 

b" dems launched an impeachment inquiry based on a rumor instead of waiting for the now clear: there was no qui" 

...involving an industry and business he knew nothing about. it is an absolute joke. the only corruption worse than biden 

none of what democrats said happened on the call between ukrainian president zelensky was true. no qu 

once again, democrats reveal that impeachment is not really about our country, but about their own imperative to maintain 

nothing remotely impeachable in transcript. ukrainian president brought up giuliani before trump mentioned biden. n 

as the left now tries to move the goalposts, remember that for days, all we heard was that offered qui 

unprecedented and pelosi undermined the solemn duty of impeachment that a future house may have to un 





he (president trump) didnt specifically mention the explicit quid pro quo ofunless you investigate thiswere go 



you dont see a direct quid pro quo in this. 

democrats wrote to the ukrainian government in may 2018 urging it to continue investigations into president donald 



will the democrats apologize after seeing what was said on the call with the ukrainian president? they should, a pe 

the democrats have been talking about impeaching donald trump since before he was inaugurated. 

speaker pelosis decree changes absolutely nothing.as i have been telling chairman nadler for weeks, merely claiming t 

b" potus says he's releasing the full transcript of the ukraine call, and amazingly democrats now say the whistleblower co" 

this whistleblower was found by the intelligence community ig to have a political bias against an 

there has been no president in the history of our country who has been treated so badly as i have. the democrats ar 

great new book by the brilliant andrew mccarthy, ball of collusion, the plot to rig an election and destroy a presi 

thank you and 

thank you 

he (trump) has already been suffering from this type of a witch hunt since before his inauguration. if its not on 

sooooo true 

thank you -- totally agree! 

"they (dems) are scrambling for a theme and narrative. they\'ve gone everywhere from russian hoax to russian collusi 

mark levin: media trying to protect biden, ignoring massive democrat scandal 

attorney for anti-trump whistleblower worked for hillary clinton, chuck schumer 



secretary of state pompeo recieved permission from ukraine government to release the transcript of the telephone ca 



presidential harassment! 

they never even saw the transcript of the call. a total witch hunt! 

pelosi, nadler, schiff and, of course, maxine waters! can you believe this? 

such an important day at the united nations, so much work and so much success, and the democrats purposely had to r 

are you registered to is make sure you are registered to keep america 

the democrats are so focused on hurting the republican party and the president that they are unable to get anything 

thank you! 

....you will see it was a very friendly and totally appropriate call. no pressure and, unlike joe biden and his son 

i am currently at the united nations representing our country, but have authorized the release tomorrow of the comp 

is showing that real strength and statesmanship can coexist with restraint. america is unquestionably the m 

q: "you can authorize to release the transcript. will you do trump: "i can do it very easily, but i\'d rather n 

president trump: "i think i\'ll get a nobel prize for a lot of things," 

true. a wonderful meeting! 

today, it is my true honor to be the first president of the united states to host a meeting at the united nations on re 

she seems like a very happy young girl looking forward to a bright and wonderful future. so nice to see! 



bombshell information reports that the so-called whistleblower did not have firsthand knowledge of that p 



94% approval rating in the republican party. thank you! 

thank you, working hard! 

this is the real corruption that the fake news media refuses to even acknowledge! 

"with one clear voice, the united states of america calls on the nations of the world to end religious persecution." 

president just delivered a critical message on religious freedom and global founders un 

....know the correct facts. is he on our countrys side. where does he come from. is this all about schiff the de 

the very thing that they are accusing president trump of doing (which i didnt do), was actually done by joe biden 



just leaving the great state of ohio for new york and a few big days at the united nations. your country will be well represented! 

..breaking news: the ukrainian government just said they werent pressured at all during the nice call. sleepy jo 

now the fake news media says i pressured the ukrainian president at least 8 times during my telephone call with hi 



he has already made the american economy strong again. he has achieved much for the us and for the world. in india 

incredible! 

the usa loves india! 



justice kavanaugh should sue the failing new york times for all they are worth! 

look forward to being with our great india loving community! 

the is trying to make someone (justice kavanaugh) into an evil person when they dont have the informatio 

will be in houston to be with my friend. will be a great day in texas! 

they are trying to destroy and influence justice kavanaugh, a very good man. 100% correct, and 

b" dems say they will impeach but have no say they won't ban guns, but their bills do just t" 

i go along with joe! 

go across the world and youll see either very low interest rates, or negative rates. the president wants to be co 

the real story involves hunter biden going around the world and collecting large payments from foreign governments 



president took a firsthand look at border wall construction and received a progress update from border pat 

when someone gets nominated overwhelmingly, and then wins the election, as he did, then he gets to set the nationa 

...the fake news media nowadays not only doesnt check for the accuracy of the facts, they knowingly make up the fa 

the lamestream media had a very bad week. they pushed numerous phony stories and got caught, especially the failing 

ukraine foreign minister disputes reports of any pressure from trump. this conversation was long, friendly, and it 

theyre trying to turn what was a biden scandal into a trump scandal. the problem is, trump did nothing wrong! 

....with a foreign leader. was this person officially asked to listen to the conversation or was he or she secretly 

it appears that an american spy in one of our intelligence agencies may have been spying on our own president. the 

the pretend ukraine scandal is an another malicious seditious effort to protect the obama/clinton gang. criminal c 





friday foia dump confirms coup planned to take down and mccabe used the fbi to pursue the collusion n 



some of the best economic numbers our country has ever experienced are happening right now. this is despite a crook 





now that the democrats and the fake news media have gone bust on every other of their witch hunt schemes, they ar 

this is the real and only story! 

....story about me and a perfectly fine and routine conversation i had with the new president of the ukraine. nothi 

the fake news media and their partner, the democrat party, want to stay as far away as possible from the joe biden 

thank you and for a wonderful evening. 

i want to express my gratitude to americas magnificent for tonights exquisite evening where we celebrated 

rachel campos-duffy has written a wonderful book for children, paloma wants to be lady freedom. she and her husba 

thank you, working hard! 



our history is filled with the stories of courageous men and women who went beyond the call of duty to protect and defend. 

welcome to the pm morrison and mrs. morrison! 

....statement. strange that with so many other people hearing or knowing of the perfectly fine and respectful conve 

the radical left democrats and their fake news media partners, headed up again by little adam schiff, and batting z 

oh no, really big political news, perhaps the biggest story in years! part time mayor of new york city, 

the u.s. economy is the envy of the world, as europe and asia slide ever toward recession. but the left is trying 

b" 'when president trump took office, 1.9m more unemployed than job 1.2m more job openings than unemployed'" 

oversight hearing on dc statehood. dems planned map would carve out trump it because they want the tax revenue? 

when youth engage in sports, their life outcomes improve dramatically yet youth sports participation has in the past de 

great news. just renewed her deal with fox. i dont care how much they paid her, they got a beautif 

great progress on the border wall! 



nice meeting with mark zuckerberg of in the oval office today. 

because of my administration, drug prices are down for the first time in almost 50 years but the american people 

presidential harassment! 

....knowing all of this, is anybody dumb enough to believe that i would say something inappropriate with a foreign 

another fake news story out there - it never ends! virtually anytime i speak on the phone to a foreign leader, i un 

great progress on the border wall! 

all polls, and some brand new polls, show very little support for impeachment. such a waste of time, especially wit 

thank you! 





jay powell and the federal reserve fail again. no guts, no sense, no vision! a terrible communicator! 

president has delivered the lowest black unemployment ever; 8000+ urban revitalization enterprise zon 

president is the best president to happen for america since abraham lincoln. president lincoln saved 

happy 72nd birthday to our great 

....far safer and much less expensive. many more cars will be produced under the new and uniform standard, meaning 

.... advantage, and also due to the fact that older, highly polluting cars, will be replaced by new, extremely envi 

the trump administration is revoking californias federal waiver on emissions in order to produce far less expensiv 

names new national security adviser: 

b" the rnc smashed another fundraising record last accomplishments and our grassroots in" 

i am pleased to announce that i will name robert c. obrien, currently serving as the very successful special presi 

i have just instructed the secretary of the treasury to substantially increase sanctions on the country of iran! 

so nice that our country is now energy independent. the usa is in better shape than ever before. strongest military 

terrence k. williams, you cant impeach trump for being a winner! 

iihan omar, a member of aoc plus 3, will win us the great state of minnesota. the new face of the democrat party! 

trump derangement syndrome lewandowski to sheila jackson lee: you repeat the question? i didn\'t hear it. j 

since jan 2017, weve made enormous strides in implementing the presidents working family agenda, including doubling the 

it secured the largest ever increase (from $2.9 to $5.3 billion) in the child care and development block grant program as 

the new york times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence justi 

dummy beto made it much harder to make a deal. convinced many that dems just want to take your guns away. will cont 

twitter friends: give a follow to the newest conservative member of congress from north carolina: 

this latest kavanaugh accusation reminds me an awful lot of the russia and the mainstream press come ou 

today at 1 pm (et), you get a chance to get my new book, the united states of trump, free. 5 interviews w president 

heading to sunny california today! since president election, 870,000 jobs have been added and the unemploy 

wheels up to california, where president is delivering big results! 

another record-breaking crowd in new expanded the map for republicans in 2016, and hes going 

thanks to president historic tax reform legislation, 879 opportunity zones will stimulate investment in 

great! 

thank you corey! 

jerry nadler is wasting more of americas time by hauling former campaign manager in to 

latinos for were out in full force at the in new mexico last a great way to celebr 

b" to all the democrats who demonize half the all the hollywood liberals who want us beca" 

30 years of gop minority outreach failed until brought real 

which editor deleted the salient fact that the alleged kavanaugh victim neither recalled the incident nor agree 

totally agreea sign of weakness would be a trigger-happy reaction to the drone strike. right. 

guess who caught the new york times\' kavanaugh authors in another huge error? this time in the atlantic. "witnesses defend 

worked with the trump campaign for nearly 2 years. he testified they did not collude or coordinate with rus 

the witch hunt is the greatest political scam in u.s. history! 

as corey lewandowski stated very clearly yesterday in front of the house judiciary committee, president trump didn 

no lindsey, it was a sign of strength that some people just dont understand! 

the new york times is now blaming an editor for the horrible mistake they made in trying to destroy or influence ju 



such a beautiful opening statement by corey lewandowski! thank you corey! 

john adams called the drafting of the constitutionthe bedrock of the rule of law for our nation"the greatest single effor 

just departed new mexico for california, where we are delivering results! 

....that story (kavanaugh) is nowhere near the standard that should be met in publishing a story. 

the new york times is at its lowest point in its long and storied history. not only is it losing a lot of money, bu 

if you want to stop the drug smugglers, human traffickers, and vicious ms-13 gang members from threatening our comm 

we are all united by the same love of country, the same devotion to family, and the same profound faith that americ 

beautiful evening in new mexico with great american patriots! 

b" oil production is up an incredible 110 percentplus, new mexico's entire mining and logging sector has seen a 40 percent in" 

business creation is thriving in new mexico! 

proud to recognize mariano rivera at the today to receive the medal of freedom. we celebrate his incredible career 

keep america great! 

on my way to new mexico see you all shortly at the 

...she can never recover, and will never return to greatness, under current management. the times is dead, long live the new york times! 

i call for the resignation of everybody at the new york times involved in the kavanaugh smear story, and while you 

earlier: president welcomed the crown prince of the kingdom of bahrain to the oval office! 

how many stories are wrong? almost all of the stories the new york times has done are inaccurate and wrong. 

congratulations 

b" it's time for congress to seal the deal and pass 

the usmca is a 21st-century trade deal for a 21st-century market that will fuel economic growth right here in tennessee, cr 

the is essential to the future of texas, america, and our north american allies. congress must pass this agreement an 

this afternoon at the it was my great honor to present our nations highest civilian honor, the presid 

thank you, working hard! 

big crowd expected in new mexico tonight, where we will win. your border wall is getting stronger each and every da 

in a short while i will be presenting the new york the greatest relief pitcher (closer!) o 

....for the privilege of being your president - and doing the best job that has been done in many decades. i am far 

they failed on the mueller report, they failed on robert muellers testimony, they failed on everything else, so no 

democrats would rather talk about gun control than get something done. governor john sununu 

remember when iran shot down a drone, saying knowingly that it was in their airspace when, in fact, it was nowher 

just out: kavanaugh accuser doesnt recall incident. do you believe what these horrible people wi 

whats happening to justice kavanaugh is a disgrace. this guy is not a good man, he is a great man. he has to go t 

the new york times walks back report on kavanaugh assault claim. the one who is actually being as 

...the united states, because of the federal reserve, is paying a much higher interest rate than other competing co 

producer prices in china shrank most in 3 years due to chinas big devaluation of their currency, coupled with mone 

because we have done so well with energy over the last few years (thank you, mr. president!), we are a net energy e 

.....these conservative judicial appointments will impact our nation for years to come, said lindsey graham, repu 

the this week, the senate passed a milestone in confirming the 150th federal judge of mr. trumps admini 

....work that way. i have a better idea. look at the obama book deal, or the ridiculous netflix deal. then look at 

house judiciary has given up on the mueller report, sadly for them after two years and $40,000,000 spent - zero col 

we cannot have what happened to this president happen again. joe digenova. it is time for justice to come barre 

the fake news is saying that i am willing to meet with iran, no conditions. that is an incorrect statement (as usual!). 

here we go again with general motors and the united auto workers. get together and make a deal! 

plenty of oil! 

saudi arabia oil supply was attacked. there is reason to believe that we know the culprit, are locked and loaded de 

....sufficient to keep the markets well-supplied. i have also informed all appropriate agencies to expedite approva 

based on the attack on saudi arabia, which may have an impact on oil prices, i have authorized the release of oil f 

....then, on top of it all, kathleen parker, of all people, wrote in case you were wondering, trump won the debate 

cant believe the wrote a positive front page story, unity issue has parties pointing to trump. go 

i am fighting the fake (corrupt) news, the deep state, the democrats, and the few remaining republicans in name onl 

cant let brett kavanaugh give radical left democrat (liberal plus) opinions based on threats of impeaching him ove 

brett kavanaugh should start suing people for libel, or the justice department should come to his rescue. the lies 

he is saying with a loud voice, i see you, i hear you, i appreciate you, i value you and i want you all to 

so awesome to see all of these college students mobilizing this early for and republicans! 

thank you and great interview! 

now the radical left democrats and their partner, the lamestream media, are after brett kavanaugh again, talking lo 

all based on nothing! the dems cant get anything positive done, and probably dont want to. 

thank you billy! 

